just spent the last hour and a half trying to carve a captain marvel pumpkin only to fail twice because I ain’t michaelangelo 
Not gonna lie, the  trailer made me cry. I’m so damn excited for it. 
Keeping the pumpkin carving tradition alive! Plus showed my  love! 
.  reboots Captain Marvel again with a new series from   and      Comics  
So it's CAPTAIN MARVEL Vs WONDER WOMAN 1984 Vs X-Men DARK PHOENIX in 2019. The Ladies are here to Rule next year  
“Little girls will see  as  and be inspired that someone just like them are saving the [world],” says Jack Bird from  about what the upcoming movie will mean for the startup ecosystem.   
The Captain Marvel trailer wasn’t really all that but people need to have faith in Marvel. They never failed to impress.   Besides a few movies we don’t talk about
I'm still not over that #captainmarvel trailer it is so amazing it makes me squee indignantly
Captain Marvel, on deck https://tmblr.co/Z0bHEx2dJQmrO
If you want a one-stop shop for all things CAPTAIN MARVEL starting ⁦⁩, here’s a handy guide I wrote to bookmark and revisit.
Ooh, don’t forget about Avengers 4, Captain Marvel and Star Wars!
Mary Marvel, ice skating.  Art by Mahmud Asrar.  Reminds me of when Captain Marvel, who didn't know how to skate, learned to skate professionally in seconds. 
Can we talk about #Captainmarvel 24/4 until March?
I know I'm looking a bit far into the future but  2 would be the perfect chance to introduce... 
captain marvel | you should see me in a crown -EEEEEK im proud of this -im so EXCITED - queen -ac; plotwistaudios on ig -cc; cxndycxm
I definitely identify more with Captain Marvel than Captain America. (but they're both good) 
Yeah, most of us were wrong. 'Marvel Studios Website Officially Reveals What Year CAPTAIN MARVEL Takes Place'    
Wait. Who said what about Captain Marvel and Shazam?
WOW! “Empire en Español” cover for its November 2018 issue!!!  BABY 
. (SEE Above )  Who is JUDE LAW playing in the #CaptainMarvel movie?  #SHPOLL18
Our basic plot is that the Avengers need to move after the FAA tells the Avengers to get out of Manhattan and are looking for a place to set up shop. It's an opportunity for Captain Marvel to throw some nice shade on Detroit, which has totally gotten way better since the 80's. /2 
Everyone hates me but I'm genuinely going to be so disappointed if Captain Marvel kills Thanos. Nebula or Gamora would be great picks, even the both of them together. Even Iron Man, Cap. America, Thor cause we've been with them for years & it's their final curtain.... Idk man.
The LCS unleashing some Carol Danvers heat upon my wallet and finances.   
Me waiting for A4 trailer and title, captain marvel and now for  trailer
Toad gets done dirty, the bullshit of "boys being boys," America's wrong-ass lust for killing looters, and manbaby tears over Captain Marvel.  Welcome to The Pressing Issues of Our Time (Plus Dick Jokes). 
Being reminded that she has said/believes that, it’s now so surreal that we were actually hoping she’d be  at one point.  
For a limited time in 2019, Disneyland Resort guests will have the opportunity to encounter Captain Marvel herself! http://bit.ly/2DqE3pb
Your Mann At ’s picks o’ the week: Thor #6 (  ), The Life Of Captain Marvel #4 (   ), Weapon Hex #1 (    ) & Marvel Zombie #1!
 VIDEO ON  FOR THE PAST 2 DAYS, BEATING ALL RECORDS,  BEATEN BY     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI-Pux4uaqM&feature=youtu.be …
I just passed some guys having a conversation about how captain marvel isn’t a real superhero
So I decided to read all of DeConnick's Captain Marvel run and Captain Marvel just punched a shark with another shark. 
Captain Marvel Outpaces Black Panther & Civil War in Trailer Viewings  
we love the biggest captain marvel stan 
Here is my way of saying "Thank you" to everyone for being so amazing and supportive of all my posters and artwork. This  picture can be downloaded down below and if can use it any way you want (header, profile picture)!  https://www.dropbox.com/sh/ek5ugzygfnasjw8/AAAt1ZatkS636TSeS-czAU9ja?dl=0 …pic.twitter.com/UOQnnEGK5G
A short teaser for my  trailer breakdown. You won't like this short teaser for my  trailer breakdown. 
That  ....so good.  Well...I am sold on my top 5 movies to see in 2019.  1. Dragonball Super:  Broly 2. Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 3. Toy Story 4 4. Captain Marvel 5. Detective Pikachu  ;] 
Back on my Captain Marvel jacket hunting bullshit
7 questions we have after watching the first  trailer  
Many don't realize it, but Captain Marvel can fly faster than the speed of light making him as fast(or faster) then many so-called "Speedsters"    
Check out my episode "The SCI-Philes Podcast Mark 38: Captain Marvel" from Rotten Corpse Radio on @anchor:https://anchor.fm/rottencorpseradio/episodes/The-SCI-Philes-Podcast-Mark-38-Captain-Marvel-e2gnqj …
I’m gonna try to get a copy of  3 and 4 as well as the  Prelude comics this coming weekend again. Emphasis on the word “try”, since the store clerks for the lone comic book store near (4hrs away) my house repeatedly denied to sell me copies.
TWILIGHT FORCE Mission Day 278   x                        
My face when someone tells me  is still 127 days away... Happy Halloween!   
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/JJpheSW9wTE?a  Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait?
I had a dream that not only did the Captain Marvel film have Blockbuster--it also had Toys R Us.
BRIE LARSON’S “EMPOWERED” SULK LEADS CAPTAIN MARVEL TOWARDS DISNEY MCU’s FIRST BOX OFFICE FAILURE? https://youtu.be/uIiEGxwMtJk   New videoooo
Sam won’t go to see Captain Marvel with me being ‘you don’t take an ex to a wedding’
And I thought Captain Marvel smashing that old lady in the gob was going to be the best troll shot featured in the climactic moments of a video this year. Amazing job understanding Australian football culture from Saatchi & Saatchi. 
OH YEA at the movie earlier the boy erased trailer played and then the captain marvel one right after and this was this old white guy a few seats down from me that i could just feel the Man Rage radiating from it was amazing
ME LAST NIGHT: OMG I'm so tired after Halloween. I'm gonna take a long break from sewing. ME THIS MORNING: I bet I can make that Captain Marvel costume. Look, a 50% off coupon! Guess I better get that fabric.
I can’t wait for all the anger and salt with Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, & Spider-Man Far From Home...
Rest In Peace, for he lived an amazing, fun filled life being a joy to watch, from Iron Man to Captain Marvel. Thank you for your smile, and most of all, YOUR AMAZING CAMEOS. 
“i love bush. not the president” -captain marvel, 2018
"Geez Stacy, i heard of people hitting the Gym but this is beating it to a pulp don't ya think? Totally need to drop the macadamia's for that Captain Marvel Routine..." 
if captain marvel doesn’t pop off i WILL deactivate
Its been years can yall stop pulling this card. Doctor who,Star Wars,Wonder woman,Batwoman,Supergirl, Hunger Games,Annihilation,Captain Marvel,Halloween.  White women are dominating hollywood stop using some trolls as an excuse for your film. 
Speak up & take action for equality! Here are some inspiring words from   aka : 
Batman  Wonder Woman  Aquamen Flash(BA)  Scarlet Witch Captain America Superman  Thor Captain Marvel(Shazam) Cyborg    
captain marvel getting iron man and captain america to talk again in avengers 4 
Movie Culture: Animated 'Captain Marvel' Trailer, Alternate 'Avengers: Infinity War' Ending and More 
New character alert! From March when season of heroes returns captain marvel will make her first appearance at Disneyland Paris! 
John Cena the guy seems pretty nice and all that jazz.   Has he ruined the WWE? Well depends. If you don't like him? Probably. Even I got kind of tired of him (still respect him n stuff tho) after so many years.  I wanted him to be Captain Marvel (Billy Baston)
Of all the creators to ever work on ,   put the most personal experience and the most Carol Danvers-inspired determination to turning her around.
Avengers 4 – El final de Capitán América y el arma de Captain Marvel 
Congratulation  FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.    54Mn24Hours
@Regran_ed from nomoremutants  -  lucio_parrillo_art dropping so serious heat with The Cosmic Ghost Rider and The Silver Surfer!!    comics… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqYei5lHKBC/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=zpxtky1zqh7l …
Raise your hand if you're more excited for Captain Marvel than Untitled Sony Event Film.
#MCU Schedule as of 11-19-2018  Captain Marvel: 108 days * Avengers 4: 164 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 227 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Night Of The Returning Dusted.
I thought she was Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel has landed and she should really consider a ponytail  
From her powers to her origin, here's everything you need to know about Captain Marvel:    
: Release the  trailer. That will shut the peasants up. Us: Cool...still want  back Tho.  : Uh...Loki and the Scarlet Witch are getting a series! That's cool, Right? RIGHT? Us: Neat.... please.  and  :
Behold: Adam Hughes' CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 variant. 
Captain Marvel and Harley Quinn hanging out together 
"Tell Me Thanos...Do You Bleed? You Will."    
Preparing for captain marvel like 
So @DCComics, please utilize your very own sorcerer supreme. Let him help fix all the problems, the heroes of DC Universe have. Let him battle demons and corrupt sorcerers along side other magic users. Let him fight cosmic beings with Captain Marvel, and aid the JL. Please!
“When I was a little girl, I always wanted to fly...”    Monday 
I’m friends with Captain Marvel. Jealous yet? 
Sometimes when I finish a workout I immediately feel like Captain Marvel, only to watch Instagram videos of her actually killing at the gym and come back to reality. Constantly in awe of  and her strength!
Literally all I see are MCU fans bashing WW to build up Captain Marvel as if she has no merits of her own which you'll ignore because I have seen you do it. Not only that but CM wouldn't be possible if not for WW's success. Even Feige who you worship admitted itm
They threw the Aquaman trailer in between the Captain Marvel and GLASS trailers. Needless to say no one gave a sh*t about a DC film
I keep having the #CaptainMarvel trailer pushed at me, both at Instagram and by Google alerts. Normally I would've watched it several times by now, instead of just once, but these are not normal times. @MarvelStudios ain't getting more clicks from me until the Gunn mess is fixed.
can i just clarify this is in no way me saying that the hype for captain marvel is too much or anything like that. i fully support and agree with the hype. i’m super hyped. i just felt like some tweets were a bit extreme, just looking for clout, overlooking our previous heroines
“Daughter of Hala by bloodright and by starlight” needs to go down in history as an iconic Captain Marvel line. 
Most likely the villian adam warlock. Worked along captain marvel before going evil I believe.
captain marvel with a little captain marvel this shit is so cute 
Captain marvel too
no no, she's captain marvel, not major marvel 
A4, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, Shazam? 
Just watched the Dark Phoenix leak again and yes ladies Captain Marvel is quaking in her ugly little boots! 
Today's  Dump!   
"Captain Marvel on spoke 33 words" lady and "superheroes shouldn't punch old ladies" woman... are they the same person or Pokemon evolutions of each other? Inquiring minds...
Captain Marvel Soars Into New Marvel Comics Series  
Captain marvel
Since Captain Marvel is finally relevant here’s a really LQ cropped image of my Captain Marvel cosplay from like 2015??? and was my first ‘proper’ cosplay 
1. Barry Allen should have stayed dead 2. Mar-Vell is the better Captain Marvel 3. YJ is the best Teen Titans cartoon but a terrible Young Justice cartoon. 
 prelude comic sheds light on Nick Fury's big  play  
LOL. DC.  How cute. <-------- Captain Marvel
My birthday is in this  poster  I'm officially Cannon in the MCU and I will NOT hear otherwise!!!! Thanks for posting  
Melinda May deserves to be in Captain Marvel. That's all
:  Marvel Studios Captain Marvel Prelude #1 The Adventurous Uncle Scrooge McDuck #2 Peter Parker: the Spectacular Spider-Man #312 Vault of Spiders #2 
Which #CaptainMarvel are you excited for??
Me during Stan Lee's bits in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 
NOW | This hour on  w/ : - WADA lifts ban on . - The latest on Brett Kavanaugh. - Friends of the  Loki and the Scarlet Witch have landed their own gig. - Will the call for  save the day? LISTEN: 
. is already facing off against male critics  
When Captain Marvel got a hair cut and a sports bra & Richard Meyer lost his ability to maintain an erection, I tried to console him by pointing out that Storm & Black Widow went through the same thing in the 80s, before the SJWs. He just sobbed and called me a fake fan. 
it’s safe to say i’m whipped for captain marvel 
The "A" and the "V" combined with her symbol is priceless     studios stud10s 
"NICK FURY... HOW I COULD USE YOU NOW!" With Hawkeye off her mind... BLACK WIDOW'S thoughts go to Nick Fury. But don't worry, Clint... she only likes his BRAIN and his COOL quality!  "The Moment of - the Man-Slayer!" CAPTAIN MARVEL #12 (1969) Arnold Drake, Dick Ayers, Syd Shores 
Happy Veterans Day @captainmarvel
@MarvelStudios Need another #CaptainMarvel trailer OR I'll also take a new one for #Avengers4! :)
4) Plus, set photos from the Captain Marvel reshoots, some Roald Dahl news, what's to come on Black Lightning, and more:  
Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin  #StanLeeForever #RIPStanLee
Will we get a new  trailer at the Brazil Comic Con Experience? - 
The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/QhlhQOK
Cool seeing the Captain Marvel trailer on the big screen made both me and Cody cry.
Kevin Feige Claims  Will Be A “Different Type Of Origin Story” 
My quick thoughts on the new trailers from last week: Mary Poppins: Beautiful  The Grinch: OK Captain Marvel: Excellent  Wreck-it-Ralph 2: Great
whittymores: I’m not what you think I am. Captain Marvel (2019) dir. Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck https://tmblr.co/Z0bHEx2cGmwtF
Upcoming Marvel films: Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and more 
One of my best friends knows me too well  1st bday gift   
Captain Marvel Coming to Disneyland Paris in 2019   
still not over chewie in the corner of the captain marvel poster 
Captain Marvel by 
Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Christine Blasey Ford. Sometimes the most heroic thing you can do is just step forward and speak your truth.
Imagine believe that Jennifer Lawrence "auditioned" for Captain Marvel.  I have to laugh 
What is it with Disney shills where they do nothing but gush over every MCU movie, even when the trailer is shit like #CaptainMarvel, but then tear down anything NOT produced by Disney?  And why do they think they have any credibility?
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS SO SMART 
Check out the latest episode of  where  and I breakdown the  trailer and the latest  Direct! Check us out!    
So excited for  I took flight 
Why can't people be happy that Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel both have movies and not shit on either or for bad and lazy reasons? Lol
No wonder that my only joke tweet I posted got 100 likes in 24 hours.  Whilst my other tweets about my apps barely get 1 like LOL  We still learn from you     
This mini trailer for the Captain Marvel movie  
Jessica Drew has a significant role in the first arc of Captain Marvel, so, yes. No plans for Spider-Man at this time.
Not much interaction with Captain Marvel or any of the Robins.  Only N52 Shazam has had meaningful appearances with Damian, so I think we can safely say that New 52 Shazam's favorite Robin would be Damian.  That said, I think classic Captain Marvel would like Tim Drake best. 
I’m excited for Captain Marvel. I’ve been excited ever since the announcement of the film. 
Whats with all this Captain Marvel hate? You can compliment Wonder Woman without putting Captain Marvel down. Can you at least wait till you watch the movie and then give your opinion. Y’all are giving DC stans a bad name. 
just seen the captain marvel trailer and fuck me im excited
This week  &  are joined by  to talk all things , ,  & more!  Spotify:   iTunes:   Website:     
Marie -“I gave birth to you, Carol, I raised you, I love you and I’d know my FIRST BORN anywhere, behind any disguise.”  Carol- “My..? There m-must be some mistake!” It’s never too late to find out your true origins. It was ALWAYS there. Thank you !  
Avengers 4 Teaser Trailer Speculation... . . Follow - @network_surf  . .  universe studios comics     … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqPfxJbgq4L/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=q0piodl5dylo …
I finally got to read this and damn,  could write 6 issues of CAPTAIN MARVEL: WATCHING PAINT DRY and I would be ENTHRALLED 
Lowkey wanna watch venom to watch the captain marvel trailer on imax.....
I like this costume too much. What other comic ladies would you like to see me do in the future?  |  -  |  er Girl     Comics | If you'd like to see how I made this …  
153 days  
*Captain Marvel appears on the screen*  Me : 
Rest in peace legend .   UK Studios        
hello i'm making this a new marvel and lord of the rings account and want to make new mutuals :)  rt if you stan: - LotRs - game of thrones - sam wilson - loki - tony stark - shuri - ironstrange - wanda/lizzie - irondad - star lord - eddie brock/venom - captain marvel
Not going to boycott (or support boycotts) of #CaptainMarvel or other @MarvelStudios movies in the name of #RehireJamesGunn - hurting people/projects that didn't cause the problem is the wrong approach IMO and what the cybernazis WANT.   But I will keep Making the hashtag stick.
captain marvel ghost-tweeted this 
Movies Im Going to See  Creed 2 Fantastic Beast: The Crimes of Grindelwald BumbleBee Dragon Ball Super: Broly Captain Marvel John Wick 3 Avengers: Infinity War 2 Aladdin Dark Phoenix(Xmen) Godzilla: King of the Monsters Toy Story 4 The Lion King
New  comic book series coming in 2019  
The "Captain Marvel" Details You Might Have Missed In The Trailer https://bzfd.it/2poncuN
Captain marvel 2018? Pls what site did you download it?.. 
This week 2001: A Space Odyssey is on Trial. We discuss ,  & there’s a quiz about 2001! Plus the usual impressions, jingles & banter    https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/films-on-trial/id1257389720?mt=2&i=1000420965754 …  Promo: @MGnPpodcast #PodernFamily #BritPodScene #PodSociety #podnationpic.twitter.com/G2HTT9jluX
Forget Captain Marvel, THIS is the hero we need... 
Captain Marvel    RIP    
I absolutely LOVED creating this design of  as  ! Based on the awesome comic book looks by  &  It was a pleasure taking those & translating it for the big screen & for the story we are telling on this film. 
Information about the Captain Marvel set 
I'm with @GeeksGamersCom Gonna Skip #CaptainMarvel I won't support a NPC actor  I wait for the beautiful Gal Wonder Woman she passionate, Strong and a actor that loves her Role & Fan's   Link https://youtu.be/nuliL_D2Y_Y
gonna be a lot of that happening. captain marvel is more or less marvel’s response to super mayne
10 impulse Bart allen 9 robin Damien Wayne  8 silver surfer 7 Thor  6 moon knight 5 captain marvel (shazam) 4 daredevil 3 spider-man 2 she hulk 1 dr. Strange
I'm not RTing this asshole because it's what he wants. But it seems this dude's big issue with Captain Marvel is that the pretty lady won't just smile and look pretty like a good girl.   
Captain Marvel  Ms. Marvel 
Carol Danvers becomes Captain Marvel, one of the galaxy's strongest heroes, after the Earth is caught in the center of an intergalactic conflict between two alien worlds. 
all the new series I'm starting in the next 3 months :  MK20, The Green Lantern, Bitter Root, DOTD, Uncanny X-Men, Die, Martian Manhunter, Miles Morales, Outsiders, Livewire, X-Force, Man Without Fear, Captain Marvel, Black Widow, FNSM, Thunderbolt, Other History
me walking into the theatre to see captain marvel 
Did you know that Captain Marvel named her cat after Chewbacca?
Some of ’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 
the captain marvel trailer came out and content disappeared
I like all superheroes. But I tend to grativiate more to the women ones. Like Squirrel Girl, Captain Marvel, Supergirl, and Black Widow. The list goes on. :) 
Captain Marvel joining the party with THE AVENGERS. 
|| 39 dni do Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 112 dni do Captain Marvel 168 dni do Avengers 4 203 dni do X-Men: Dark Phoenix 231 dni do Spider-Man: Far From Home
Cosplay at every con for 2019-2020:  - Bowsette (and iterations) - anyone from The Dragon Prince - Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel - Joaquin Phoenix Joker - Overwatch skins - Deadpool (Forever. Always.) - Deku/MHA
marvel nerds were so mad that Thor: Ragnarok was a lighter movie with humor & not so serious unlike its preceding movies but now y’all are mad that Captain Marvel, a woman, isn’t smiling 100% of the time in a movie that’s supposed to b dark n serious? SHUT UP
รูป concept art ของ Captain Marvel จาก Andy Park 
To be honest I think I’m one of the few who is as excited for Dark Phoenix as for Captain Marvel or Aquaman, I have so much faith on how they’re gonna wrap that story
This is the tale of how one of the worst stories of all time helped influence the direction of  for many years while also leading to a rise of women in criticism and fandom.  
“I keep having these memories... I think I had a life here - but I can’t tell if it’s real...”      : Anna : Me/dad         
Thanos confirmed to appear in Captain Marvel, but since the film is set in the 90's he will be wearing a t-shirt that just says ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE
captain marvel trailer music!!!   
captain marvel and a4 are just the beggining. she could be leading the next avengers. she will be in ms marvel. we could be looking at a CM trilogy. ultimates? so many possibilities. seven effing films! 
I'm just so excited for Captain Marvel and what the character is going to offer. Is she going to be the one to take down Thanos? What's going to be her role in Avengers 4? I'm just so exciting to find out! I also can't wait for her solo film!   
SKAVEN        
I’m not staying NYC for the con but Wednesday night I got to meet my incredible #CaptainMarvel artist @CarmenCarnero - and she is so great in addition to being so talented. We’re so lucky to have such a great team! Thanks @MightyBrunstad for assembling us!
Really hope we get a Captain Marvel trailer that features Intergalactic by The Beastie Boys because obviously but also the first lyric is “Don’t you tell me to smile.” 
. Line guests will be the first to meet  herself as part of  in 2019!  
Fan Theory on Why Captain Marvel Changes Her Uniform Colors  …  
What gets me about this whole "Captain Marvel has to smile" ridiculousness is that I don't think anyone did this kind of stuff with Wonder Woman.   It's not like her trailers and posters were all smiley.
The #CaptainMarvel trailer recut to Joan Jett's "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" -- because I had to.   https://youtu.be/NqMCUWwI1sM
2019 CBM hype list: 1. Avengers 4 2. Far From Home 3. Joker 4. Captain Marvel 5. Shazam 6. WW 1984 7. New Mutants 8. Venom DVD release 9. Dark Phoenix
Or Captain Marvel they buggin
started captain marvel! the art is so pretty
#CaptainMarvel is set in the 1990s and picks up after Captain Marvel already has acquired alien powers and is working with alien race the Kree and must face a threat from the shape-shifting Skrulls — Trailer: http://thr.cm/F1A3kb
captain marvel throwing a planet at thanos 
captain marvel vibes   hi  i love you
Kirby is Captain Marvel  Literally crashing to earth as our last hope  Higher, Further, Faster, More, my little pink asskicker 
#Disney will have a monster 2019:  Captain Marvel  Dumbo Avengers 4 Aladdin The lion king Frozen 2  Toy story 4  Star Wars: Episode IX Damn they will have all top 10 for them
Sure Captain Marvel looks good, but I'm pumped for this solo film 
captain marvel is so powerful 
Actualmente me estoy leyendo (al día): -Secret Agent Deadpool -Spider-Man/Deadpool -Deadpool Vol.5 -Deadpool Assassin (acabado) -The Avengers Vol. 8 (2018) -The Life of Captain Marvel -Tony Stark: Iron Man -Ms. Marvel Vol. 4 -The Amazing Spider-Man Vol. 5 - Captain America Vol.9
i want to get ms marvel, captain marvel, sabrina, she hulk lawyer and i’m still waiting for funko to announce the new phoenix pop and the new lord of the rings wave
Very excited to finally see a strong female lead in the MCU! Also still upset over @Disney firing @JamesGunn. #CaptainMarvel has served with the @Guardians. @Disney #RehireJamesGunn and give us the team-up we deserve!  @WaltDisneyCo @RobertIger @Kevfeigehttps://www.change.org/p/marvel-re-hire-james-gunn …
The Creator of ,  , , , ,........  had his last breath yesterday. The work of his in comics is unmatched. He lives long as long as his characters lives. 
Honestly I do have a ton of Her Universe and Hot Topic costume dresses including a Captain Marvel one but I didn’t have enough energy to go through everything this morning. So this will do for this year.
ITS CONFIRMED...IF THERE WAS ANY DOUBTH :)  #MOT #LUFC https://www.leeds-live.co.uk/sport/leeds-united/marvel-film-star-you-didnt-15291717 … @captainmarvel @Carnival_Films @skyatlantic
CAPTAIN MARVEL Relaunched With New #1, New Creators, 'Costume Weirdness' Ahead of Movie 
Meet Captain Marvel's allies and new recruits ahead of the new comic series from writer Kelly Thompson ()! See the designs for Carol and her team's apocalyptic looks, as sketched by artist :
They can’t wait until after Captain Marvel since there’s only a month between the two. 
| After wrapping up filming on ; actor  checks in to wish all of  a very happy 99th birthday 
I need mutuals so RT if you stan: Marvel. Spider-man. Bucky Barnes. Gamora. Miles Morales. (Movie.) Gwen Stacy. (Movie) Steve Rogers. Peggy Carter. Nebula. Carol Danvers. Natasha Romanoff.  GOTG  Black panther. Captain marvel. Whole mcu cast. 
TRAILER VIEWS 23-29 septiembre  1  13,7M 2  10,35M (26,8M) 3  9,89M (41,3M) 4  8,35M (31,9M) 5  5,8M (40,9M) 6  3,16M (136,7M) 7  2,1M (8,4M) 8  1,99M (17,6M) 
Movie was neat. Very meta but not shameless. Like the first obe better only because I felt that story was more "self contained." Also trailers in kids movies suck! Sure we wpuld see #Captainmarvel because Disney but we saw #Aquaman and a ton of forgettable cgi.
You Wouldn't Photoshop a Smile Onto Captain America, so Why Do It for Captain Marvel?  
Before the date change, #DarkPhoenix was poised to make some money in February before the MCU juggernaut got started in March with Captain Marvel. Now though? I don't even know what's gonna happen.
6/ Why would anyone buy a $25 ‘Captain Marvel’ DVD when they could access the film, and dozens of others + plus original series, on any device at any time and for 4+ months? Or rent it for 1-2 months’ subscription fees
I just watched   with my mom right after the trailer for  and pls don’t judge us for thinking this but is this captain marvel in the first avengers movie?! Just looked so similar.. 
Super Ladies : Inktober day 17, Carol Danvers alias Captain Marvel      
Omg they’re playing the captain marvel trailer on every tv in the electronic department in target  
I'm convinced Disney put the "Captain Marvel punches an old woman in the face" scene into the trailer specifically because they knew it would turn into a meme
i have so many expectations for captain marvel
One of my littles this week: “Are you sure you’re an adult? I don’t know many adults who wear superhero shoes. But it’s cool. Are they comfortable? Can you run fast in them?”   
The Japanese Captain Marvel Poster Has a Very Different Tagline 
we gonnapaint the captain marvel symbol on our shorts 
. is relaunching the Captain Marvel ongoing series with a new creative team consisting of  and !  
Just finished watching Avengers Infinity War again and man I’m so ready for Captain Marvel and Avengers  4 already
Fun times location scouting today in the beautiful  area. You’ll hopefully be able to see some of this  spot in the upcoming  movie!    ... 
Can't wait to see it!! #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2CLCF0d
Captain Marvel   Gallery:                @SamonoXienNeo   
Captain Marvel Joins Super Heroes Aboard Disney Cruise Line     
On first glance, reading Captain Marvel in trade paperback is way more confusing than it should.   Luckily, this guide is here to make reading easy. 
123 days to go for journey of  
CAPTAIN MARVEL Prelude Comic Reveals Why the Avengers Lost to Thanos  
A animated show about the adventures of captain marvel jr 
¡El primer tomo del cómic precuela de  nos muestra a Nick Fury durante los eventos ocurridos después de !   TheSanZ. 
Tyler also played The Phantom and Captain Marvel!
"Time to Suit Up" - Henry Jackman, The Winter Soldier  1:33 to the end.  Imagine this playing in a scenario where Captain America is passing the torch to Captain Marvel before he makes the ultimate sacrifice play.  "Danvers...Carol...Protect them. All of them..." 
Took a day off from sewing on Captain Marvel. I needed it. But my brain won’t stop guilting me. .  Me: “let me play my roller coaster tycoon and binge unsolved mysteries in PEACE”  Brain: “...you should be sewing” 
On Saturday,   members find out what happens to Captain Marvel () when she is hypnotically paralyzed, fiendishly bound, gagged, & forced to climax in electrical ropes!  Will she escape? Will she become a mindless slave?  Join today & find out!
What's with the collective amnesia surrounding reporting on these? Some big outlet said yesterday that Captain Marvel was going to be the first woman led movie when Wonder Woman came out all of 15 months ago.  and then Black Panther and Blade
when are we getting another captain marvel trailer i’m bored
so who tryna see aquaman, captain marvel & creed ll w me??
The same site who is calling me a troll over what I know, ALSO Tweeted to not believe the Captain Marvel trailer rumors.  So there you go.
"Captain Marvel is TERF"
I can't wait for my little cousin to start watching marvel movies and be inspired and empowered by the female heros  captain marvel is going to be a big leap
i always forget that gemma chan is gonna be in captain marvel,,, gays never lose
First appearance of Kree Captain Marvel!!! Very clean copy, VF condition!!  Going up on the wall at $200.00!!!       … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bofbhlwhdq1/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=fednem9fyew2 …
 will be facing . But she wasn't the original hero to face him for .      
2019 So Far: Live action Detective Pikachu, The Lion King, Dumbo and Aladdin. A new Toy Story. Frozen 2. Avengers 4. Captain Marvel. Spider-Man: Far From Home. X-Men: Dark Phoenix. Star Wars: Episode IX.  8-year-old me is shaking. 
Does this count as a Space Force joke? Help me win a Chipotle gift card and bragging rights by liking the  post of my Halloween costume, Starforce leader . 
About the time to start this thing up.                     (Cont)
captain marvel wonder woman 1984 avengers 4 spider-man far from home shazam! the crown s3 game of thrones s8 stranger things s3  2019 is really that bitch
Just had a thought: cannot wait for the #CaptainMarvel LEGO sets. Need to get me a Carol Danvers minifig...
As shared by the  Fan FB Page, original artwork from the  sold recently at auction for $21,600.  Beautiful!        
Jut had an incredible chat with  Be sure you check out tomorrow's episode to hear all about , catching lightning in a bottle creatively and the power of open collaboration among talented creators! 
What Marvel movie would you watch now if you could? #marvel #captainmarvel #avengers #spiderman #avengers4 #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy
1. Captain Marvel 2. Aladdin 3. Avengers 4 4. Spider-Man: Far From Home 5. Dumbo 6. Ralph Breaks the Internet 7. The Lion King 8. Mary Poppins Returns 9. Jungle Cruise 10. Toy Story 4 And 11. Star Wars: Episode IX
Exacto 
Sit down eat your food. Stan Lee was NEVER racist. He wanted marvel to be for everybody not just one type of people. He created black panther, Mantis, Captain Marvel, Falcon, Ms. Marvel, ETC. he created superhero’s that defines all races. He was a visionary.  thank you, next
Since the new "Captain Marvel" trailer came out, at least 7 people have hit me in the face then said, "Now THAT'S how you punch an old lady."
Whats been your favorite new trailer not named Captain Marvel?
Women’s presence in the superhero genre will continue to grow as studios find success with female-led movies like  and , say box office analysts:   
I must add that that's an image of the official teaser poster as framed/mounted and displayed at a movie theater.  The marketing has begun. She's on her way #CaptainMarvel
— Captain Marvel Movie (behind the scenes) Icons Made By Cairoshell. https://tmblr.co/Z-0pLc2cHgYJN
Feeling all  POWER at           
High. Faster. Further. More. .. Our sister duo is ready for  in  . .. :   ..  
PLS RT   Comics 
We welcome Carol Danvers to the MCU with pumpkin gifts.   
Fight like a girl Captain Marvel girls shirt 
MICK AND EMMA AND I ALL FREAKING OUT OVER THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER ON RABBIT EVEN THO WEVE ALL SEEN IT A MILLION TIMES, IS A BIG MOOD
Infinity War's Captain Marvel Nod Could Have Looked Different 
Captain Marvel Concept Art Released in High Resolution  
2019 we gettin:  Avengers 4 Lion King Toy Story 4 Kingdom Hearts 3 Game of Thrones Season 8 Spider-Man Far From Home Brooklyn 99 Season 6 Men in Black Detective Pikachu Star Wars 9 Zombieland 2 IT Chapter 2 Shazam LEGO Movie 2 Captain Marvel Joker Pokémon Switch The Last of Us 2 
the writer of the life of captain marvel is literally a tony stan ashajsks, no wonder we keep getting good caroltony content in there 
Wednesday mid-afternoon question:  Who is your favorite cosmic superhero(es)?  --Green Lantern (which one)? --Space Cabbie? --Quasar --Phyla-Vell? --Captain Marvel? --Vril Dox? --Silver Surfer? --Firelord? --Adam Warlock? --Moondragon? --Someone not listed?
The real villain in  is this old lady.  
If you're going to play the idiotic game of Captain Marvel vs. Wonder Woman 1984, at least have the spine to admit that now Wonder Woman 1984 has an even better chance at a billion in June 2020 by itself than Captain Marvel does in March 2019 a month before Shazam.
Does 's  actually hate the elderly? Or does she just hate ? Monday
Girls don’t want boys they want the Captain Marvel movie and better funding, media coverage, and access to women’s soccer so awards voters can make informed decisions
Gil Kane!  The man, on Captain Marvel,  imo.
These ladies mmmmm... These ladies are my life     comics
Day by day she is becoming Man can't wait for   
that’s my captain marvel 
However, I want to bring special attention to people pitting Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel against each other. Just like those that pitted Supergirl against Jessica Jones, you're being part of the problem. There can more than one superheroine. You're not helping. Stop it. 
Captain Marvel explores the MCU in the 1990s - but it's not the only time Marvel has tackled the decade:  
I feel like the MCU Train is riding on risky tracks.  Each Station representing a Marvel movie; it'll gain momentum with #CaptainMarvel and #Avengers4 etc. but at some point we gotta hit #GuardiansOfTheGalaxyV3 and stall or - derail.  #RehireJamesGunn #NoGunnNoGuardians
First  pull box pickup at the new            
The Captain Marvel Trailer Gets a LEGO Makeover -    
“Fist to face sparkles” is a line that would have been perfect in Captain Marvel as well as She-Ra
Me clicking the Captain Marvel trailer just to get the views up 
“I need to find that again. Like taking a car out into the desert to see how fast it can go, I need to find the edge of me... And maybe, if I fly far enough, I'll be able to turn around and look at the world... And see where I belong.”  
You accused me (a black man) of attending a Klan rally while I'm updating my avatar... after you implied that  disparages  RIGHT when I'm drawing this image. How's it going at the Bad Timing Awards. Hope you win more than a Thanos Drinking Glove. 
Kids (really) want more women in sci-fi, superhero genres, study says   
It is  back with an all  . We talk , ,  and more. Direct Listen:             
Then the lesbians will have captain marvel 
Is this when I post my “Many Faces Of Captain Marvel” gif? I feel like yes.  cc 
Fun 90’s Blockbuster Commercial Edit Featuring     - Films Against Humanity YouTube. (⇨  )
“what is it about the Captain Marvel trailer that’s inspiring so many bad takes”  HMM, YES, I WONDER WHAT IT COULD BE.
Can’t wait for the Captain Marvel movie too
Antman, Spoiler Man, Black Widow, Scarlet Witch y Captain Marvel
INTERVIEW:  and 's Captain Marvel Flies High in the Heart of the Marvel Universe  
 In  Adventures #87 (May 28, 1948*) we have a great story entitled "Captain Marvel and The Electron Thief!"  Captain Marvel battles villain Alec Tronn.  Alec Tronn is the CEO of Electron Corporation and has taken control of the... 
Captain Marvel!  2018      
i painted the captain marvel logo on my shorts  watch out
i'm wearing my captain marvel shirt today 
I'm gonna watch Captain Marvel bc Marvel puts out dope movies but I am not feeling this movie and character at all. I don't care how good the promotion tour is.
The new  trailer is here, and it features a young Nick Fury and Agent Coulson!  
another day closer to captain marvel i suddenly love life
So What Took Nick Fury So Long to Call For Captain Marvel? -  
Captain Marvel  Cosplay by Maid of Might Cosplay Photo by Johnny Porsche   ~Eddie 
Marvel swerves us and Thanos kills Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel’s Comic Book Origin Changed Ahead Of The Movie  
Good read if you wanna learn more about Captain Marvel and the upcoming MCU movie. I hope it does well. I love how she is written in the comics. If that comes through in the film, she’ll be a great addition to the Avengers. 
HIGHER FURTHER FASTER!  2019 is ours !    movie starring   comic by 
Disney movies set for release in 2019:  -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Aladdin -Toy Story 4 -Spider-Man: Far From Home -The Lion King -Frozen 2 -Star Wars Episode IX  Who’s ready?!
This is what I call Character Branding. Captain Marvel isn't on this bag, but the colors + iconography of the character inform you it's hers. This is design + marketing. There's a formula to this. We've been using it at . It's dope. Let me explain.
'Shazam!' Star Zachary Levi Explains Comparisons To Tom Hanks' 'Big' via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2CrLrRo
”Mom can we take a picture with  ?”  Um, yeah! Strick your best  pose!   these girls are so excited to see you!
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/VWHCeLLKL9A?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL- Official Trailer REACTION!!
Real Talk: Charlize Theron would've been my ideal Captain Marvel.
Ranked all current (Non Guardians) MCU heroes. Come at me... 1. Captain Marvel 2. Doctor Strange 3. Scarlet Witch 4. Thor 5. Hulk 6. Iron Man 7. Spiderman 8. Captain America 9. Black Panther 10. Winter Soldier 11. Black Widow 12. Wasp 13. Ant-Man 14. Hawkeye
Captain Marvel  by Armored Heart Cosplay  Photo by       
“Shazam!”  Happy Saturday!  
I’m emotional already thinking about watching captain marvel and seeing stan lee’s cameo. There’s gonna be a cheer or applause in the theater I can feel it
Pretty dope interview plus Captain Marvel trailers from last week's  Show! Catch up before the fire we drop this week
Sam!Cap Jane!Thor Captain Marvel Spider-Woman The Wasp Black Panther Iron Man 
Check out  Collectible Vinyl Figures Lady Thor Lady Captain Marvel Batgirl DC Comics Hero #Funko https://ebay.us/t7G0sk  via @eBay
Serving you some  goodness  What’d you guys think of the trailer?!  I reacted to it on today’s twitch stream but omg ITS SO GOOOD!! 
'Captain Marvel' Trailer Viewed Over 109 Million Times in 24 Hours 
Hello, Everyone!  ICYMI, the latest episode of  is now available via  YouTube channel,  And it's all about  merchandise!  YouTube:  
i need new captain marvel content i’m fuckin starved
A bit of both.   Carol Danvers () for me.  - Challenges gender expectations - Defies stereotypes - Very competitive - Geek - Introverted - Doesn't dwell on failures - Struggled w/ self-doubt - Makes mistakes, learns from them - Gets knocked down, stands back up
for the new captain marvel series i’m not gonna know how to read i’m just gonna look at the pictures and that’s it
CAPTAIN MARVEL: All The Biggest Reveals From Marvel's New Prelude Comic - SPOILERS      
What does this even have to do with captain marvel wtf?! 
can they drop some new captain marvel content i am STARVED
before the movie they played the captain marvel trailer and at the end of the trailer when it was silent me and hayley started clapping and it was SO FUNNY bc the cinema was so full and we were the only ones clapping
is peter going to meet captain marvel because this kid was blown out of the waters by bucky having a metal arm can you even imagine him when he finds out she's the strongest avenger
When you’re sad that Stan Lee’s dead but you suddenly think of how f*cking loud the audience will be when his last cameos happen in Captain Marvel, Far From Home and A4 
this, the lion king, captain marvel, the avengers......we eating good next year 
Taylor Swift + Captain Marvel RT if you save it  -Liberada /Let 
 you're cool  my dear friend.   
captain marvel when she got a call from nick fury 
Better yet, here's her with a Captain Marvel trick-or-treater. 
Captain Marvel/Carol Danvers
Stan wasn’t problematic all the claims are false if he was sexist why would he make black widow or captain marvel hell there’s even aus where there’s female versions of the characters for God’s sake that he created
He had already filmed his cameo for Captain Marvel and Spiderman: Into the Spiderverse 
RT if you're excited for ! 
I'm so behind this. Marvel really need to take a serious look at their gender balance, 1 female lead to 3 male leads on Netflix? Not to mention the MCU being a total sausage fest. Can't wait for Captain Marvel but it's seriously late in the day. 
 could be the   
Is it the same one from ?  
Just watched the #WednesdayClub episode about @kellysue and my wallet is upset with me after my mini-shopping spree. Now I need to decide what I start with...Pretty Deadly, Captain Marvel, Bitch Planet? Tough decisions ahead.
So  ends up in a block of ice &  ends up in a  Video. 
Concept Art For ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ Officially Released  
I guess the phase 3 films announcement featuring Captain Marvel announcement doesn't count.
Hay I can’t be the only one who thought of how good she might look as  once they saw this shot?  
The Captain Marvel Trailer Has Been Animated Using Older Marvel Cartoons -    
With Captain Marvel being set in the 90s, what kind of music do you think will be in the film? The NIN shirt she wears indicates that maybe it’ll be more hardcore than what we’re used to with Marvel movies. What do you guys think? @sjnews @RothCornet @joestarr187 #fanfriday
captain america   walked  so that captain marvel   could run
I’m excited for Captain Marvel but I’m gonna miss Captain America. Ya feel?
 Via Instagram   { Follow Me For More}          https://www.instagram.com/p/BqPZaAYn9I7/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=13j7vk3zxa7s7 …
Captain Marvel joins Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Disneyland Paris. (March 23 to June 16, 2019)   
Thank you to the military families, STEM students and all the other cuties who came out to the space museum to see the captain marvel trailer in IMAX. Amazed that anyone would want to see my face that large. 
Everything we know about the  movie so far  
Do you think we will see more elseworlds DC movies going forward? I am a big DC fan but the DCEU versions of the characters are either not recognizable or based on comic takes I dont really like, dying for a more classic Justice League, Aquaman & Captain Marvel 
Just call me   
MARVEL'S ’THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL' And ‘INFINITY WARS’ Delayed - 
Since the  film is set in the 1990s, on this chronological list, it should occur before the first  movie. Oops.
Trying to get as far away from Captain Marvel as possible. 
Captain Marvel isn’t the type of movie that you get hyped for, it’s just a movie, however, Avengers 4 is another thing, things will actually happen in A4.
i was at target today after i got a haircut because i love target and the salon is right next to it and u know the technology section right? with the tvs? yeah? well every damn time i got to target they play the captain marvel trailer and i cry in the middle of target love that
Kevin Feige say that  will be different type of origin story! 
Poppy's song "Get Back Up Again" from Trolls, the Captain Marvel trailer, and "Tubthumping" by Chumbawumba all have the same energy.
.  isn't messing around with this Captain Marvel trailer.   Studios 
2019 looks set to be another Superhero dominated box office offering, however it’s all going to be fronted by strong ass female leads.    
The answer to this is, we can & we will. I think studios used to believe that female lead superheroes were not really marketable, possibly due to popularity. But Wonder Woman shattered that belief & there are many more: Captain Marvel, Supergirl, Jean Grey, Batgirl, Zatanna e.t.c 
Captain Marvel about Thanos, Avengers 4 (2019) 
This fierce fan edit gives us the , , and female superhero team-up we desperately need:  
Possible Spoiler Avengers 4 trailer leaks: Description includes Loki, the Kree, Captain Marvel and Ronin. https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/1031451/Avengers-4-trailer-release-date-title-LOKI-Captain-Marvel-Thanos-theories-Ronin … via: @Daily_Express
I'm ready for AVENGERS 4 I'm ready for SPIDERMAN FFH I'm ready for CAPTAIN MARVEL I'm ready for IT: CHAPTER TWO I'm ready for ALADDIN I'm ready for THE LION KING I'm ready for DARK PHOENIX I'm ready for TOY STORY 4 I'm ready for WONDER WOMAN 1984 2019 COME FASTER !!
Shut up I didn't spend all weekend reading all the Captain Marvel singles since 2012 you did.
I want one!   
remember my words captain marvel will help fighting thanos but she wont kill him, it will be thor.  also steve will die and tony (if he doesnt die too) is gonna retire  this is my avengers 4 prediction
sneak peak captain marvel 
Captain Marvel... . For More Like This Follow  .         4  studios  
This is like the part where so many men think that Captain Marvel should smile more and looks flat in the trailer because they can't parse her actual emotions.  THIS IS THE REAL LIFE CONSEQUENCE OF TEACHING MEN THAT THEY DON'T NEED TO LISTEN TO WOMEN. 
rt to be in a marvel gc  - be lit - let everyone have their opinions :) (just no any disgusting ships) - HYPE UP CAPTAIN MARVEL!! - don't let this flop
Today's Captain Marvel issue brings an important message to readers.  Marvel cant write women and think Carol Danvers isnt worth their time
The Best And Most Fair  Comparison For  Is Actually  via  by @ScottMendeslon 
It’s NCBD AKA NEW COMIC BOOK DAY. Check out the latest episode of Looking Glass where we discussed upcoming books like Killmonger and movie news like Joker & the Captain Marvel trailer SoundCloud:  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-barbers-chair-network/id1179234647?mt=2&i=1000420341192 …pic.twitter.com/VNboaaQiRB
Captain Marvel showing up in Avengers 4 to save everyone  
I think I will call him Shazarrow, or Greenzam, or Marvel Arrow Captain Green.. Mac G for short. I drew him at LA Comic Con today.        
 continues w/ Round 3 Match 1 of the  division w/ a match between the  of , , and .  for a  of the  b4 voting! Quote/comment w/ ur reasoning! 
BRIE IS ALL OF US NOW!  There’s a LOT yet to see!  Believe me ;)  
day sixteen // captain marvel :)) i’m really proud of this one sjdjsj 
Who is ready for our QUEEN to arrive?   
I just looked down and realized I’m wearing my Captain Marvel shirt under my DC Superwomen blazer and I would be annoyed by the mismatch, but I’ve decided it just gives me double the power.
Imagine this powerful team-up.  Sentry > Captain Marvel ≥ ≈ ≤ Thor  Robert Reynolds for Mcu one day, I hope, my fav    The Million Exploding Suns + Top Gun + God Of Thunder 
133 days until Captain Marvel  189 days until Avengers 4  252 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, ARE YOU READY? 
i think is Captain Marvel and the Black Widow had a baby she would be Mockingbird. I love Bobbi.
captain marvel #1 [2014] 
Captain Marvel trailer is GENIUS,  Loki is getting a SERIES,  We’re getting new TomContent at ace cc soon...  WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON???
      infinitywar     not in till Stan lee  is carried on #4   
imagine being that girl who dressed up as captain marvel, went trick-or-treating and wound up at a house that BRIE LARSON WAS AT?!!!! that’s the dream tbh
heroes!   
The future 'Captain Marvel' co-star has steadily progressed in the entertainment industry, but with this new anthology drama, we can finally witness what she's capable of. https://buff.ly/2CgkC1O
What are you looking forward to the most next year?  Captain Marvel  Avengers 4 Spider-Man: Far from Home  -----  by TJR Photography ----  er   
I'll be making two videos today. I'm sick of hearing everyone saying  will fail. It's ! And also, I'm making a video about . I know, it's tempting to be negative to get more clicks, but I'm staying away from the dark side.
Hello  can u believe Next year two powerful superheroines come to the big screen. One debut and one return.  God I love being a Geek    
Immortal Hulk and The Life of Captain Marvel are two of the best books out there right now. Here's me, talking about them. 
Stan Lee is gone. Hope to see him in Captain Marvel n Avengers. R.I.P 
It's a great question, she has a lot of people that have her back, and have done so for years, she was my Captain Marvel(even before I knew of the original Fawcett or Mar-Vell one). Hell I hate the "diversity card" but she's non-male and non-white.
A lot of grown ass adults about to ball their damn eyes out when we catch those Stan Lee cameos in  &  
I want Our   to lead Female Avengers Movie after  i hope this happen 
Yep we need this now for Captain Marvel
According to , Marvel is refreshing and changing the history of CAPTAIN MARVEL. The move is being made ahead of Marvel’s Captain Marvel film to be more “movie friendly”  This change will be official in Life of Captain Marvel #4 
No,  didn't back away from a  fight. But now there's a different reason? 
Also I finally had a chance to read Life of Captain Marvel #4 last night. I cried in my pj's. Then I read it again, cried again.  you are an angel and I can't get over how much I love your portrayal of Carol.
  Put a Captain Marvel patch and pins on my expensive Levi jacket, made my own hat. Always proud to step out wearing this stuff. 
I Think I'll Be Needed in  in Oct!                versse       
Don’t forgot about captain marvel
avengers 4, spider man far from home, captain marvel, dark phoenix....i don’t think i’m gonna survive 2019
Oh captain, my captain! Captain Marvel!    
2019 MCU Countdown:  • Captain Marvel ⇨ 121 Days. • Avengers 4 ⇨ 177 Days. • Spider-Man: FFH ⇨ 240 Days. 
Thor got cucked      s   Comics Studios  
Captain Marvel is officially set in 1995?  @Marvel scatman or why bother?
Bring bantet words in the morning means you're ready to start a war. I'm calling Captain Marvel.
ICYMI: A new episode of The Slumgullion is out, featuring ,  (suffering from hyperthyroidism),  (according to Zillow) and the Italian thriller Strip Nude for Your Killer:   
I'd say War Machine is getting a Quantum Realm suit as a mark V maybe? Idk, and I don't think Captain Marvel would need one maybe. I really like these suits tho
Dapper Days  and my family & friends with their tribute to Marvel &   GROOT, Iron Man, Spider Man, Captain America, Deadpool, & Captain Marvel!!!! So AWESOME!!!!!  Wishing I was there to join them 
Reworked this Captain Marvel, after some critique- 
KNUST is having Infinity War without Captain Marvel and Friends (Me and The Geng) these Adaakwa peeps I mean them Keep!! They would’ve been embarking on a demonstration instead if we were still there! Too bad  #knustbrutality #KNUSTCloseDown #Knustsecurityfool
I love these three together      
I’ll be on with  tonight talking The House with the Clock in its Walls & if the Captain Marvel trailer lived up to the hype. Tune into  around 10pm.
Captain Marvel Reforms Another Classic Team - To Hunt the Hulk  
So, in 2019 we’re getting 2  films:  AND .
Two announcements today.  1) Captain Marvel is meeting in the parks starting Early 2019.  2) Look at that Spider-Man Attraction in DCA coming to us in 2020. 
Captain Marvel , Avengers 4 , Spider-Man far from home ? 
‘Captain Marvel’ Japanese Poster Reveals New Tagline  
 and  team up!
RIP Stan Lee His creations are one of the reason to Live!!  Hope his Cameo in  is shooted...   
This pic is superb   Carol danvers as a college student In it      _9
Coming in 2019! VIDEO: Watch the official  trailer:  .  
A pilot, a Queen, and a Warrior     
The first woman in history to be the lead in a Disney acquired Marvel movie set in the MCU about Captain Marvel. Never run out of firsts please, it always makes me laugh. 
Adam Hughes - Captain Marvel 
My power ranking (for well known “Magic” characters) from off the top of my head:   1.) The Spectre  2.) The Phantom Stranger 3.) Doctor Fate/ Nabu 3 1/2.) Captain Marvel 4.)Raven 5.) Madame Xanadu  5.)Zatanna 6.)Etrigan 7.) Constantine   Honorable Mention: Swamp Thing.
Welp. Captain Marvel it is 
How exactly was WONDER WOMAN 1984 in direct competition with CAPTAIN MARVEL? Their release dates were originally set eight months apart, zero impact on each other.   That sounds like the opinion of someone who knows very little about box office or release date placements. 
Captain Marvel cosplay by Danielle DeNicola  
Marvel Studios President Leaks Details On ‘Captain Marvel’ And All-New MCU Movie 
Captain Marvel and Avengers IV are right around the corner 
Thor, Captain Marvel, Iron Man y Ant Man .
I’d really hope so.  Either way, there’s always Captain Marvel, too.
"My eyes!" -- Pretty sure this outdoes  in the elder abuse department. ;) 
Spoiler: 's  costume is on point  
Marvel Us Disney Episode 16: Captain Marvel Trailer, Avengers 4 Title and Is Loki Really… https://goo.gl/fb/XkFSY8
I actually like diversity in my stories, I’m old enough to remember when Captain Marvel was a black woman. The problem  has now in particular is they have completely broken fans affinity to characters and stories, and tossed in a Trump-NAZIs as a parting gift.
I taught Shazz and Christine how to cast Vytaflex and they made this extremely interesting Captain Marvel star. 
Captain Marvel is a ‘Different Type of Origin Story,’ Says Kevin Feige https://buff.ly/2Da2o34  (via @CBR)
NEW EPISODE! This week is all about . Who is she? Where does she come from? How many Captain Marvels are there anyway? And what should you read to get ready for the movie? Find the answers here, Captain’s orders! https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/capetown/id1346795127?mt=2 …pic.twitter.com/uBljfopehL
One of the most underrated things about being in a relationship is being able to do couples costumes on Halloween   #2018   @ Washington,… https://www.instagram.com/p/BpqDsBHBKJO/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1ihmmokmdu6je …
, You’re welcome.   I have a way to show your appreciation. Please, talk to your boss Bob. You see there are millions of disgruntled MCU fans right now - potentially causing  issues. No more $$ to Disney until they do the right thing and .
Only Real Comic Book fans know that Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman is debatable. And in some cases Captain Marvel will win.
CAPTAIN MARVEL AND AVENGERS 4 
Since the solicit is now out for  #2 we thought we'd give you a sneak peek at all of 's incredible new designs for our first arc. Prepare yourselves for not just apocalyptic Carol but also...   & !
OMG! I’ve got a few  featuring  with me! I think it’s time for a GIVEAWAY.... whatcha think  ?! 
They just showed the Captain Marvel trailer on the IMAX and my goodness 
Fairfield vets 5 Caerau Ely vets 0  a brace from captain marvel @johnnymac_73 set us up for all 3 points. Next up Albion Rovers in 2 weeks time.
10. Casual Captain Marvel. 
Just got my  manicure, so it suits with my beautiful costume.    
y’all already know im gonna just post the iron man trilogy and captain marvel everyday. 
And I miss that feeling a lot! Of the limitless potential of something new and different at my fingertips. I just haven't felt that with Marvel (besides BP and Ragnarok) in a long time. And my...distaste for NuCarol means Captain Marvel probably isn't going to help that.
Captain Marvel Jr. punching the hell out of a Nazi. 
I uploaded a new episode, "Episode 28 (Rebroadcast) - Captain Marvel", on         https://www.spreaker.com/user/mattsager/episode-28-captain-marvel_1?autoplay=1 …
Rank these awesome movies in your most anticipated order!         s   eu u comics  comics      studios    
It's not out but I'm confident it'll be Captain Marvel
Had to take advantage of this meme. Keep staying woke, ya’ll  
#CaptainMarvel  Should have went with Monica Rambeau as Captain Marvel. This solves more than one problem the Diversity problem and distancing Captain Marvel from Green Lantern more. Nothing says diversity like blond white girl.
MARVEL Signs CAPTAIN MARVEL's CARMEN CARNERO to Exclusive Contract 
 holds the key to the ! - 
Avenger 021: Ms. Marvel. Aka Captain Marvel, Binary, Warbird  First appearance: Marvel Super-Heroes 13, March ‘68 Created by: Roy Thomas, Gene Colan 
my anti marvel film mutuals are in for a big surprise when this turns back into a marvel stan account during captain marvel/a4 hype
fly girl.  
This Avenger issue that triggered some memories. It’s got characters I haven’t seen for a quick minute like Black Knight, Ka-Zar & Captain Marvel(Include her in Marvel movies please). Nebula popped up in this issue. John Buscema is one if the reasons I was an Avengers fan. 
Captain Marvel showing up after Infinity War 
To all the fools fussing about Captain Marvel not smiling more in the trailer and on her promo posters... I share this. Please check your gendered expectations. 
Place your bets, who's going to get a cameo in Captain Marvel? 
Captain Marvel by   
Standing Strong                         
New episode! We broke down the trailer for Captain Marvel. Check it out!  Make sure to download, listen, like, share and all that stuff!        
A clip from our  . Our host  shares thoughts on  trailer. to the full show. Direct:   :   :       ing 
This Monday.... LETS CELEBRATE!  IT’S CAPTMARVELNEWS 8TH Anniversary!   STAY TUNED  
Countdown starts  Exactly 5 months that means 150 days to come most powerful super hero of the Galaxy  she is arriving on march 8th of 2019     wn
captain marvel arriving at thanos’ funeral 
the Captain Marvel trailer 
She usually has good takes. This isn’t one of them. Not because it’s historically inaccurate but because it ignores the wave that’s happening with Wonder Woman, captain marvel, birds of prey and New Gods which looks like a Big Barda showcase. 
Got that important Captain Marvel endorsement. 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/69_TUvwvsuA?a  Why In Avengers 4 Pepper Potts Will Be More Important Than Captain Marvel
You just gonna forget about Captain Marvel and the Avengers like that? 
Because we are still feeling so much hype about the first  trailer:  
CAPTAIN MARVEL's Jude Law Reveals Marvel's Intense Security Around His Secret Role  
The real Captain Marvel goes home but leaves his DNA in every hero.  
Looks like Avengers 4 title reveal tonight, finally. Was kinda hoping they’d reveal in the post-credits for CAPTAIN MARVEL (how nuts would that be???) but even Marvel’s not bold enough for that I guess 
Marvels. New print for NYCC. Color by .       
Great series win @englandcricket well done Captain Marvel @root66
They ALL fit better in the eras in which they were created--Superman in the '30s, Captain Marvel in the '40s, Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four in the '60s, etc. 
New  print for  !     
a4 trailer may or may not be dropping soon plus into the spider-verse in a few weeks and maybe captain marvel news and maybe far for home teaser
Marvel Comics Getting Later â€“ Black Order, Captain Marvel, Wolverine, Ms Marvel and Ironheart - Bleeding Cool News 
Captain Marvel is headed to Disney California Adventure early next year:   
Thanos just gotta ask for Captain Marvel’s number & she gon call him a cis-hetero pig & the movie gon be over.
Looking at 2019's movie slate and it's wild!  1/18 - Glass 2/8 - Lego Movie 2 2/14 - Alita: Battle Angel / Happy Death Day 2 2/22 - How to Train Your Dragon 3 3/8 - Captain Marvel 3/15 - Us (Jordan Peele movie) 3/29 - Dumbo 4/5 - Shazam! / Pet Sematary 4/12 - Hellboy
His Fawcett-Era and Post-Flashpoint origins are similar. While Freddy was out fishing with his grandpa when they saw a man fall into the water. When they tried to help him he attacked them both. Captain Marvel took the boy to the hospital only to find out he had been crippled. 
okay i’m gonna do it ,,, rt to be in a captain marvel gc  - mbf / open dms - love carol danvers obv - bring some memes because uh i said so - crackhead or not pls rt i need more buddies  - no ugly shipping incest / pedophilia pls  if this flops carol probably floored me
I’ve just been reminded that  will be released on International Women’s Day  
I, my daughter, my son, and my wife are all very, very excited.  
SHAZAM #1 PGX NM/MT(9.8) W/PGS *ORIG CAPTAIN MARVEL* HOTMOVIE STUNNING COPY!   
Today I’m going to class because one day I want to own the house that every Batgirl, Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Jedi, princess and mini RBG go to for the good (aka king size) candy bars. #HappyHalloween
NEW POST: Will the Trailer for  Spoil the Plot of ? - by    Will the events of ’s new  trailer reveal the outcome of ’s Captain Marvel?  
A while back, @osheamobile and I were joking about how Captain Marvel is set in the mid-90s and how Carol isn't around for the modern MCU stuff, so she's probably been in space this whole time. There's bound to be culture shock.
The first super-powered human villain that Captain Marvel ever fought was Slaughter Slade.  (Unfortunately, for Slaughter Slade, he was nowhere on Captain Marvel's level.) 
People with Captain Marvel icon intimidate me bc she is POWERFUL
Last splash of Kelly Sue's Captain Marvel # 1 
Easy All-Star Squadron #36/1984. I could not believe that Captain Marvel & Supes were fighting & wanted to know why. Also, for some reason Flash & GL looked different.  My first comic book (that I bought myself) & it's where I learned about the DC Multiverse! 
Last time was for Venom in October Next will be Aquaman in December After that Captain Marvel in March Then Infinity War in May 
This is bullshit. No character needs to laugh, but if Superman does why wouldn't also Captain Marvel need a Joker-esque smileyou so desperately crave? 
So Scott Pilgrim has now included: Superman/Ray Palmer Captain America/Human Torch Captain Marvel Punisher Huntress Shadow King
can she (i can't stress this enough) roundkick me into the the next dimension   captain marvel (2014) 
i just realized because of captain marvel us girls might not need to get marvel merch from the men‘s section anymore we might actually be able to get it from the WOMEN‘S SECTION
MarvelStudios confirmó que Stan Lee alcanzó a grabar los cameos para  y . Lo veremos en la gran pantalla por una última vez 
People still fail to acknowledge that Ike Perlmutter is the reason that Black Panther and Captain Marvel are only getting released after ten years, essentially trying to debate that Marvel itself is fucked up for waiting so long to do it.
RIP Stan Lee. You are an inspiration to us all. I feel so fortunate that I met him in a restaurant in Beverly Hills a few years ago.            
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer
So creepy. SO weird. These manchildren are so afraid of a reality they can't control. Shifting attitudes that don't cater to and favor their lame interests are going to swallow them whole soon and I look forward to that day. I hope Captain Marvel NEVER SMILES. Just to piss em off
me showing up to the captain marvel premiere: 
Idk i think it would be too early to make him the leader, if anything. I could definitely visualize captain marvel as the leader tho.
Here's me as Captain Marvel for Halloween!!!   
life of captain marvel is good but idk how my carol mutuals feel about it
What if.......the Captain Marvel Post Credit scene is her receiving the pager from Nick Fury and on her way she meets with the rest of the Asgardians and Valkyrie
I don’t care about Captain Marvel so I don’t really talk about the movie at all.  I wish others would do this for things they hate or don’t care about as well.
Phil Coulson | it's pretty magical  story, see it please  lives     rs4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1e4wVFiS78&feature=share …
How long is Captain Marvel? 
i painted the captain marvel logo on my trousers and took this awkward looking picture cause honestly no one can look as good as 
1st, We got the Captain Marvel trailer. 2nd, We're getting the Dark Phoenix trailer.  MARVEL SLOW DOWN
Lee Pace, Karen Gillan and Chris Evans attended a panel at  on Oct 13. Karen Gillan explains about the hats worn by Chris and Lee:  "These are actor hats. When they're off-duty."         
Stan Lee had already filmed his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/stan-lee-dead-avengers-4-cameo-captain-marvel-a8631646.html?utm_term=Autofeed&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1542154977 …
So that’s why she was so expressionless in the Captain Marvel trailer.
And without smiling  
Captain Marvel vs. Black Adam in Hawkman #24. 
2018: black panther (debut) avengers iw amatw (sequel)  2019: captain marvel (debut) avengers 4 far from home (sequel) 
LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL Finale Pushed Back a Month 
"So, I just so happen to be in the car and I look back anD I GOT CAPTAIN MARVEL..." A BITCH IS CRYING 
Not only there's war on land and in space, but in the sea too #Aquaman #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4
Cuantos días faltan para Captain Marvel? - https://ift.tt/2HBFlkJ  #Marvel #Movie #CostaRica
Scott Pilgrim has Captain America, Superman and Captain Marvel all in supporting roles.
captain marvel trying to save the avengers in avenger 4 https://vine.co/v/eWeB5L7pl2W/
Awesome Captain Marvel cosplay by ! I feel like  needs to see this! At 
As the coming  movie changes it's name into it's Spanish version: Capitana Marvel in LatinAmerica as this is one to retain the name trademark if it were literally translated would be known as La Capitana Maravilla while  is La Mujer Maravilla!
Carol's the key!! #Avengers4 #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2OCyZjw
Ah you just gonna pass over the biggest movie of 2019, Avengers 4 and even captain Marvel. FOH! But you mention the 100th spider man movie. This list is ass
Modern Marvel and DC comics gave us the Fraction Hawkeye, Kelly Sue DeConnick Captain Marvel, Snyder Batman, etc. You may see a lot of crap, but there is (as is of almost any era) a lot of GOOD too. 
the real reason @Marvel got rid of cap's beard is bc they knew i couldn't handle bearded cap & captain marvel in the same movie
OMGcosplay as Captain Marvel 
Veterans Day gift from my boss, I think it looks great   
this...this is our captain marvel??? this stupid doink better not ruin Infinity War pt2 
They gonna get mopped besides captain marvel. 
2019 Bomba gibi geliyor.   -Game of Thrones 8. Sezon -Stranger Things 3. Sezon -Avengers 4 -Captain Marvel -Wonder Woman 1984 -Spiderman Homecoming 2 -IT Part 2 -The Lion King -Star Wars: Episode IX -Anthem -Tom Clancy’s The Division 2 -Mount&Blade: Bannerlord 
Why the fuck is she called Captain Marvel then? Might as well change her name to Captain Carell since her getting powers from Mar-vell is such a crime for some reason.
If Avengers 4 doesn't have a quick moment of Captain America and Captain Marvel saying "Captain." to each other while fighting Thanos , then what the hell are we even making movies for?
This  art for the new CAPTAIN MARVEL series (written by , colors by ) looks fantastic
Lowkey more exited about Captain Marvel than I am for Avengers 4
It will be woke as hell with captain marvel being the only useful one 
Captains unite!!!     Captain America by  Captain Marvel by me 
Do you guys ever just look at Youtube and Go to Marvel and also Check the Trending Page to see if The Avengers 4 trailer, Captain Marvel Trailer, or The Far from home trailer dropped? Cause I've been doing it for ALL of November. 
Someone: captain marvel is the strongest avenger thoreditor523: um, actually,,,,
Damn Stan Lee died. RIP to the legend. That means his last marvel movie ever was ant man and the wasp. Unless they got him in Captain Marvel but damn this is sad.
did marvel like forgot about captain marvel or
Did you know all Disney movies debut on the cruise line the same day they hit theaters? So this will be a great opportunity to be one of the first see Captain Marvel then meet the powerful superhero herself: http://ow.ly/wue630mruSi  http://ow.ly/wue630mruSi
This is going to be my new channel banner after Halloween.    
Pinar Toprak is scoring . She's the first female composer to be chosen to score a high-profile, live-action, superhero movie   
Captain Marvel!  Line Art by me Amazing Colors by              
 is not going to replace  ! She has her OWN place.
Most popular girl in  .                   
I agree... Captain Marvel has the most powers, but like you said, it depends on  if they give her the same powers. 
captain marvel is really out here being the strongest person in the mcu
Captain She-Rey at your service  (  ) 
The Captain Marvel Prelude #1 comic book reveals why Nick Fury waited until Infinity War to contact Carol Danvers. At the end of the last Avengers movie, before Fury turns to dust with half of... 
Pepper Pots (in her awesome rescue suit) and Carol Danvers (aka Captain Marvel) will team up in Avengers 4 to kick Thanos ass. You can’t change my mind.
Before Captain Marvel was Captain Marvel, someone else was Captain Marvel. And that someone else was a dude.   https://wired.trib.al/mI7JmTi
Ppl are on abt captain marvel news and im just here wanting to marathon the entire mcu and reminiscing on tht time 5 yrs ago when I watched
Yep I'm definitely getting Captain Marvel by Thompson  Carnero since Carol is returning to New York 
The  movie gets a slick animated trailer! - 
Iam gonna do my best to try and go to the #CaptainMarvel premiere in LA, Corps. Represent each and every single one of you. I promise I will. @captainmarvel @marvel @MarvelStudios let’s make this happen. We are one!
broke: the Captain Marvel trailer signaling its 90s setting by prominently featuring a Blockbuster woke: the Riverdale flashback episode signaling its 90s setting by writing "END APARTHEID" in lipstick on a bathroom mirror 
1. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 2. Captain Marvel(Billy Batson) 3. Daredevil  4. Martian Manhunter  5. Spider-Man( miles/ peter loved both too much) 6. Batman (Bruce) 7. Jessica Cruz ( GL) 8. Zatanna  9. The Flash ( Wally West) 10. Archer and Armstrong ( package deal. 
R.I.P. Captain Marvel Stan Lee 
I'm selling IMMORTAL  #7 (regular & variant!) & dozens of other books. , , , , ,  & more! MOST AUCTIONS END TODAY! Link: https://www.ebay.com/sch/hulksmash!/m.html?_nkw=&_armrs=1&_ipg=&_from= … Please share! #ebay #ebaydeals #comics
With power such as mine, what would you become? • • • She has risen!  Which one of you slayers saw the teaser? • • • Photo by   • • •     infinitywar  
You are an idiot.  CAPTAIN MARVEL comes in March.  WONDER WOMAN 1984 was meant to be released in November.  EIGHT months after CAPTAIN MARVEL. 
Captain Marvel is coming to theaters, and this Muslim superhero might not be too far behind. 
i want to marathon all mcu movies again before captain marvel's release
I didn’t say that. I said I don’t think she’s in Captain Marvel. 
Captain Marvel Is Headed to Disney California Adventure - CBR  
 hey, would really love it if you guys added the Captain Marvel poster as a reward... Pretty please? 
After years of looking I have finally found one!!!!! A  poster!!!!!! 
Here we go again...     
IM AT TARGET AND THEY JUST STARTED PLAYING THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER I ALMOST FAINTED RIGHT THERE
Vazou o filme da captain marvel/teaser de a4 e eu tô vendo todo mundo falar disso mas eu não vi 
miss danvers looked like an absolute angel in the mighty captain marvel  
Stunning  cover By !
Im reading all  and Ms. Marvel again because my mind is trying to kill me and this page....ok! Tks 
I finally got a comment on one of my videos. And it was positive on YouTube!!! I know. It was the video about why people need to chill about  from . We're talking about Marvel Studios!!! Trying to be fair.
And Captain Marvel.... because Captain Marvel.  I wouldn't even mind it's still in post. Honest!
Wonder Woman 84 Birds of Prey Captain Marvel  Kids, be ready for Shazam. 
captain marvel   star wars IX  how to train your dragon: the hidden world  godzillaaa (so sister excited for this one)
captain marvel in DCA literally WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH MYSELF!!!!!!!
I can't even  Such a kind, enthusiastic soul    We are not ready for when the credits roll in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  
venom: 16 days  into the spider-verse: 86 days   captain marvel: 170 days   a4: 226 days
'Gifted' the movie where Captain America is Captain Marvel's Uncle
In Future After The Demise Of Legends, Iron Man, Thor & Captain America. Dr. Strange Will Replace Thor. Captain Marvel Will Replace Iron Man. Scarlett Witch Will Be The Next Legend With The Hidden Superpowers She Has.  According To The Superpowers And What I Have In Read Comics.
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL VS CHUN LI IS SO COOL OMG
Captain Marvel much?! 
CNBC Makes Wild Claim About Captain Marvel – Proves They Don’t Know Anything About Marvel Universe! 
Which of the upcoming Marvel (MCU) movies in 2019: ~ Captain Marvel  ~ Avengers 4  ~ Spider-Man : Far From Home  You are most excited about? 
3 of 5 stars to Captain Marvel Vol. 1 by Kelly Sue DeConnick 
As always... I finish our shoot with a little lightsaber action. OCC Holiday Edition photoshoot!     deeellecosplay @ Ottawa Comiccon https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTRg-FgoHs/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1thjxxfpb0svk …
The  trailer gives the Marvel Studios logo a gold makeover: 
CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer 2019: http://youtu.be/2Tn3R8lKrSE?a  via @YouTube
 my friends got me the Captain Marvel jacket for my birthday! I love it! 
Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 & now Spider-Man: Far From Home confirmed for next year.. 
Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/mZqV_FJM5J4?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER EXTRAÑO (VERSION EN ESPAÑOL CASTELLANO) | PARODIA
"Respect is earned. I don't know you. Besides, I have a problem with authority."   She probably shouldn't be messing with Captain Marvel. Way too late now.
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — I love Scarlet Witch a lot. But based solely on movies, Wonder Woman's was the best, but Captain Marvel will probably b… https://curiouscat.me/Deku_Fox/post/695270646?1541118289 …
The maestro  did a  version of his classic captain marvel cover and I’m speechless!!! Total beauty 
Get "Marvelous Slap" by  at     Marvel,Batman
   Your  will remember and miss you forever   RIP        s es     
‘Captain Marvel’ Composer Breaks Superhero Glass Ceiling as Scoring Diversity Lags  via 
Why Nick Fury Waited to Contact Captain Marvel in Infinity War 
New  logo 
this completely changes carol’s origins; from being powered by a random circumstance to actually having ties to the kree and a direct link to calling herself captain marvel and carrying the legacy of hala because of her mother instead of mar-vell 
4:30 in the morning seems like the perfect time to share that I'll be coloring the new Captain Marvel series with @79SemiFinalist @CarmenCarnero @MightyBrunstad  and @Wil_Moss https://nyti.ms/2NgiGs6
it’s raining on my face again     
November releases for comics out in January 2019 now available on the site!         
excited foe  THIS ISN'T IT THOUGH THIS IS A BIT 
If I go see captain marvel I better not see “Stan Lee will return”
Kevin Feige: We're changing Captain Marvel's origin, because it's too similar to Green Lantern. Marvel Comics: We're changing it to be more similar to Superman.
We are avengers my friends....we’ll keep on fighting till the end. We are avengers, we are avengers... half of us turned to dust and captain marvel...will save the world 
rt if u stan   -mark ruffalo/bruce banner  -sebastian stan/bucky barnes -just the whole mcu cast -brooklyn nine nine (b99) -the good place (tgp) -captain marvel -agent carter -captain america/cevans  -doctor who  i’ll follow u back :)
 Fingers crossed that Monica Rambeau/Spectrum and Adam Brashear/Blue Marvel have Marvel Legends figures to be released soon. Maybe an upcoming Captain Marvel or Fantastic Four wave!?! 
—Thor Fact 9 - - Follow for more  Notifications On. - -                      
 Captain Marvel will take care of Thanos, right? 
With the  with  coming, we're sharing this   - aka  -  by  artist  up for bid in ' new !  out out!      
I Love   
One thing I’ve never completely gotten about Carol/Captain Marvel is that for most of her comic life she’s been a fairly unlikeable character. Not because she’s a powerful, confident woman... but well, sort of because of the opposite of that. /1 
You will still get it in captain marvel and the Next infinity war.
Round 4 of  pictures Black Panther:   Ghostbuster:  Captain Marvel: Milly Cosplay  Gamora: Molly W Cosplay 
537) Captain Marvel Vol.1 #128 | Margaret Stohl, Michele Bandini 
What drives you? What inspires you? What motivates you? HIGHER FURTHER FASTER!   
FILEMINATI - CAPTAIN MARVEL LEMAH !!! Ternyata THANOS Hanya Bisa Dikalahkan Anggota AVENGERS Ini...: http://youtu.be/Rtv6wvd4e_A?a  melalui
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/e6TRITFjGZQ?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer NEW International (2019) Superhero Movie HD
 Trailer Tops  And  In First Day Trailer Viewings 
Marvel Nixes 40-year Old Captain Marvel Origin Story http://po.st/GIu2gu
MARVEL’S JANUARY SOLICITS!  ALL THE STARS ALIGN AS   AND  TAKE ON MARVEL’S PREMIER FEMALE SUPER HERO! As , Carol Danvers has spent months in space protecting Earth from alien threats. now it’s time for Earth’s mightiest hero to come home 
 [Self] first attempt at a cosplay, Captain Marvel! via /r/cosplay  
The little boy at work today that told me I look like Captain Marvel has boosted my confidence higher than any other man ever has
 and directors 
Captain America - Punched Adolf Hitler over 200 times.  Captain Marvel - Punched a little old lady who was probably an alien.
Kevin Smith Calls  Trailer "Breathtaking" and "Brilliant"  
Counting the number of words Nick Fury says in the  trailer in an attempt to attack Disney? Really?  This is why the aliens haven't made contact yet. 
“WE CANT DO THIS ALONE. WE NEED YOU.”  A HER-O  
I NEED TO GO TO THE  CAPTAIN MARVEL AVENGERS 4  FAR FROM HOME  PREMIERE
@ManaByte will the next marvel trailer we get be avengers 4 teaser or second captain marvel trailer?
Omg  look at this cute trailer reaction!!   is a  fan since the 70’s! She grew up with Carol and now her little one is part of the Corps! “That’s Captain Marvel!” 2019 here we go! Nice way to start your bday!  
Another truth, and you KNOW what I'm gonna say:  His name is CAPTAIN MARVEL.  :)  Good day! 
Marvel movies tonight with my husband and puppy.                and many more
This shot.   
The president of  assures audiences that CAPTAIN MARVEL won't be another generic hero origin telling...   
Actually swap Captain Marvel for Ep. IX.
If Captain Marvel is set in 1995, and then Samuel L. Jackson's CGI based in the Die Hard 3 (1995)?  
Captain Marvel icons by; Hamilton. https://tmblr.co/Z-0pLc2cJjXGC
Captain Marvel! Working on draughtsmanship in digital drawing.             
Now it's true XD     
You don’t include captain marvel or avengers 4...... delete your account 
2019 - Can I Survive?    
155 Days Until    
Scarlet Witch, Captain Marvel y Hulk!
Oh captain, My Captain  https://thevalkyries.co/2018/10/05/her-a-hero-captain-marvel/ …  #captainmarvel #MCU #CarolDanvers #captainmarveltrailer
Post credits Captain Marvel 
Think Twice Before Photoshopping Smiles Onto   
My Mama is my hero and like Captain Marvel my Mama is mega strong, her super strength is second to none. 
Captain Marvel:  V: She looks like that type of woman who loves gay men but is weirded out by lesbians.  Me: Seriously?  V: Yeah, look at her. You know brunches with gay dudes but makes snippy remarks about the lesbian server.  Me: There is no evidence to support that.   V:  
1.Supergirl (Kara-Zor El) 2.Jean Grey 3.Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 4.Emma Frost 5.Wondergirl (Cassie Sandsmark) 6.Kitty Pryde 7.Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) 8.Illyana Rasputin 9.Mera 10.Rogue 
CAPTAIN MARVEL Prelude Comic [Explained In Hindi]: http://youtu.be/-tX3BVIgOqw?a  via @YouTube
So here's a  I drew at NYCC. Turns out, I love drawing Carol! This is available if you want it. $150 shipped. 9x12. 
Happy birthday to our !!!   celebrates her bday today and we all can't be happier to have her in the MCU! You're gonna rock it girl!!  Here in her presentation in the  Marvel panel where she and  took this amazing pic!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha Captain Marvel has nothing on Diana. Let’s be real grace.
What up internet, back again this week:   Chess it out to hear us go over some  and  trailers, on top of some music discussion ft.  and , and more!     
The makings of a hero.   
People are getting a little over hyped about Captain Marvel and CCXP.   Disney has never debuted an actual trailer at an international event, not even their own event such as D23 Japan.  At most they do a clip/behind the scenes footage.
My geek wear for  this weekend..      
So this is my first ever digital art piece!! I drew  from the  trailer !! There’s some mistakes but I’m so proud of this 
Captain Marvel's full of 1990s Easter eggs.  It's just a shame they don't all add up...   
Captain Marvel looks set to bring Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. TV series closer to the movies than ever before. 
mckenna dressed up as captain marvel for halloween! 
Captain Marvel Was Nick Fury's Avengers Plan B All Along - CBR - https://ift.tt/2PEt7M7
If you’re wondering why Captain Marvel’s uniform is green in some parts of the movie trailer, it’s because the original Captain Marvel’s costume looked like this, back in 1968: 
.   and myself did this "Marvels" print for NYCC was knda sad no one seemed to recognize or Remember  C'mon guys she was the first female  and  the first black leader of the Avengers? 
Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Homecoming, And Avengers 4 have all wrapped up way before today we got 3 
Wtf is happening. Bucky and Falcon are moving to tv. Scarlett and vision too. Its looking like if Captain America indeed dies he will not be replaced. Count on Captain Marvel leading the Avengers. 
:  Is Back On The Set Of   In Los Angeles To Rerecord Some Scenes.   
https://youtu.be/zNgNMCEgNi4
Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown https://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4  via @YouTube
So  ,  and  are finished. Is that mean we can still see  in 3 Marvel movies?
Last and final one for today.  Billy Batson was chosen to be Captain Marvel because he was pure of heart. This is what made him worthy to speak the magic word, "Shazam."  What most people don't know is that he is so pure of heart, he was worthy of a second magic word, "Nataz." 
Captain Marvel was Nick Fury’s Avengers Plan B, new Infinity War prequel shows  http://flip.it/Iaw2xL
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/xwingking/post/695270031?1541118246 …
Kevin Feige says 'Captain Marvel' is 'a different type of origin story'   (via )
In honor of @CaptMarvelTalk which is no more, here are a couple of heroes who would be awesome in a movie together! Good luck to  in his new endeavor!   
Me ha gustado un vídeo de @YouTube (http://youtu.be/7tO_ZwgMRIc?a  - Lo que no viste en el trailer de Captain Marvel).
me during the first second of the captain marvel movie 
The opening-night audience reaction to the RIP title card at the beginning of CAPTAIN MARVEL will leave us all at least partially deaf.
Grace....you really think Wonder Woman is worried about Captain Marvel?  they made a smart business decision. 
just like it was supposed to come out last night? like how captain marvel was supposed to be in infinity war? y’all need to stop taking everything this guy says as fact. he runs an mcu blog not the company. 
In this , I invite y’all, to read the bestselling “Life of ” book. The most human, deep and personal story about Carol Danvers! Issues 1 to 3 are out now! 2 to go! Shout out to writer . Well done!!
IDEA:#CaptainMarvel Post-Credits: Carol in outer-space. The pager goes off. Around her, aliens start to crumble. Alarmed, she notices her own hand starting to disintegrate. She raises her crumbling hand up high. Her eyes light up with quantum energy. Her hand re-forms. IT'S ON.
Here’s Carol and Jessica fighting a Huge alien in NYC! In the new book,  will be back on Earth NYC, after a period as the first line of defense. Well see Tony, Jessica and even a new romance why not?! AAAAA 
Captain Marvel doesn't currently have the cultural cache of Wonder Woman, but give it enough time and she very well might, writes  
Captain Marvel lockscreen  • RT if saving • Screenshot if using  /mari 
 bakal kembali musim panas nanti. Setelah para  membereskan Thanos. Tapi, tampaknya, tanpa Agent Coulson. Kemungkinan, dia ditarik kembali ke layar lebar. Setelah tampil di . 
I hope Marvel releases a new Captain Marvel trailer where some dude asks her to smile and she melts his face off ark of the covenant style
Clark Gregg has the perfect response to his younger look in the  trailer: 
Probably my new favorite Reddit thread  
Sewing in the Zipper today  
I can’t wait for captain marvel to step on me; like i don’t wanna wait anymoooooore  #captainmarvel
Leaked Avengers 4 Art Shows Captain Marvel's Axe and New Iron Man Suit?  
Captain Marvel, The pink hoodie girl,uraraka and the traveller.
someone just unfollowed me either for yelling about an Acker meme or Rt'ing a Captain Marvel pun and just like why the hell were you following me to begin with if that was the final straw dude?
I don’t understand why people want Captain Marvel to smile more in the trailer... she’s facing tough challenges and situations. Plus it’s a 2 minute trailer, not the movie where we’ll get scenes of her humor 
  The Marvel Super Heroes Podcast Episode 090  Fall Special 2018 featuring our Top 10 MCU Villains  Our countdown lists of favorite Cinematic Universe villains! Captain Marvel trailer talk!      
feige said no captain marvel news until after the a4 trailer drops
Upcoming Disney movies of year  2019 (produced or Distributed )           
Did I save these pictures or did these pictures save me?   
The Captain Marvel arc “Down” and Hawkeye “LA Woman”
  The Marvel Super Heroes Podcast Episode 090  Fall Special 2018 featuring our Top 10 MCU Villains  Our countdown lists of favorite Cinematic Universe villains! Guest-starring Count Drunkula & Pakita! Captain Marvel trailer talk! Mighty Mail Bag! 
can't y'all just accept that captain america and captain marvel can be equally powerful? both of them or on the same page anyway? both of them has different strengths and abilities too? this comparison is invalid? marty what the fuck? 
this is how I imagine u in GMA during the captain marvel trailer premiere but x200
I love that they're make Captain Marvel a woman and retconning women into roles where they fit is a great idea, but more new female and LGBTQ superheros will be better in the long run
 trailer viewed 109 million times in first 24 hours - the most EVER for a non-sequel in  history! 
We get 3 more Stan Lee Cameos. Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, and Spider man far from home
And  Day 15 is  as Carol Danvers/, getting ready to respond to anyone suggesting she “smile” more on the movie poster.  
Hey @100soft can we expect our #CaptainMarvel emoji soon?!!’
why isn't there new captain marvel content @MarvelStudios
Here's the latest  connection fans think they've found between  & :  
captain marvel who? i only know wonder woman — stop pitting diana and carol against each other u rats https://curiouscat.me/tnstarkss/post/661520300?1538752087 …
1) "please watch, forget Captain Marvel" 2) "if Aquaman is a hit" 3) "fuck you James Gunn!" 
MARVELous Fun Fact. Sleepover (2004)    
It’s been a while since we’ve seen Quicksilver, but we find him and Crystal in Attilan…just in time for him to mysteriously vanish! They’re tying in a lot of side characters: Spider-Man, Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel.… I wonder where this is going!?  
2019 is going to be an Epic year full of entertainment..  Game of thrones S8 Hellboy Avengers 4 John Wick 3 Godzilla X-men Men in black 3 Spider-Man The Lion King Shazam Captain Marvel Wonder Woman 2 Kingsman 3 Terminator Frozen 2 Jumanji 2 Me Birthday Buhari/Atiku
 running as Captain Marvel during the Avengers Thor 10K.     
Tell me how many heroes you know would be able to take hit from all of these heavy hitter all together?!  Here She Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Iron Man, Black Panther and Squirrel Girl attack  with all their power to charge her Binary mode.  “MORE!” 
 Setting Revealed to be 1995 
Captain marvel before getting brainwashed by kree 
failed-mad-scientist: Captain Marvel - Dima Ivanov https://tmblr.co/ZcHxBv2cXZkSf
This is how I roll in  style!  HIGHER FURTHER FASTER! 
Stan Lee Has Already Filmed His Cameos for ‘Avengers 4’ & ‘Captain Marvel’ 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/HQ5GQHBs-PY?a  Ghost Reac Le Trailer De Captain Marvel #3
In search of Captain Marvel with the help of four former skippers and - as it turned out - four former Brentford managers https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-6262617/Where-captain-marvels-gone-importance-role-diminished.html?ito=amp_twitter_share-top …
marvel is really releasing captain marvel in march and avengers 4 in april . they want me dead
i’m not what you think i am   happy halloween       
I’m worried .. if Captain America hands over his duties to Captain Marvel, were gonna get a lot of toxic fanboys hating Captain Marvel even more and opening a floodgate of anti-women heroes because this would be their scapegoat reasoning for their antifeminist bs. Shit man.
Higher! Further! Faster! My first Rock Candy and my first  figure! I'm in love! 
What do you think will be the last cameo #StanLee filmed before his passing? #SHPOLL18 #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4 #SpiderManFarFromHome A film not yet "officially" in production.
I'm about to work on my stories. I'm really enjoying . I just made a video about it. I still have two left:  and ! I'm just going to keep pumping out videos.
Captain Marvel: You beat Thanos? But how? Falcon: He was expecting the Avengers, but nothing could have prepared him for the emus.
Close enough!     
For $25 you COULD buy copies of: - Unbeatable Squirrel Girl - Ms. Marvel - Unstoppable Wasp - Iceman - West Coast Avengers, AND YOUR CHOICE OF: - Shuri, Domino, Life of Captain Marvel, Exiles, or X-Men Red... ... AND YOU WOULD STILL GET NO ENTERTAINMENT VALUE WHATSOEVER.
Posted lots of fanart to my Etsy shop!       
 reveals an up-close & detailed look at the  logo! - 
We are so proud of our inspirational skipper  , who was immense today ,she even managed to shatter our Player of the Match record by receiving a staggering 83% of our members votes !    
Don’t forget Captain Marvel and Avengers
At the time I remember thinking, 'why am I figuring this out?' But now I know it was for this exact moment.
[ marvel |  ] i'm hella excited for this movie so heres a doodle 
You'll see 's Skrull leader Talos in human form. Now see him in LEGO form.  
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/9LXh9ALFLvE?a  Captain Marvel - Weird Trailer | Funny Spoof Parody -- (Reaction!)
The trailer looked great on the big screen!  
My Captain Marvel admission:   I worshipped at the altar of Carol Danvers for years, but I've never been sold on her as Captain Marvel.
...what's similar about them? Comic book based. Female leads... Space. What, is there a lot of fire in Captain Marvel or something?
Or powering up Captain Marvel?
I’m confused as to why folks are saying the new captain marvel trailer was underwhelming like wtf did y’all expect for the FIRST trailer?!?! Of course they aren’t gonna give y’all everything off the bat......
Dear ; If “Make a grown man cry reading a comic book panel” is on your bucket list, go ahead and cross it off.    
 my dear friend....Rest in Power Stan Lee 1922-2018            
Working on the next set of nine. Ahsoka and Lady Liberty will be part of it as well as Captain Marvel, Shuri, Queen Amidala, the 13th Doctor and three more that I haven't decided on yet. :)
Last night's body paint on    
I'm captain marvel, storm, shuri, the wasp, angela, proxima midnight, black widow, hawkgirl, agent carter, nebula, hela, okoye, spectrum, stature, medusa, crystal, jessica jones, dagger, gamora 
. Me, , , @canaryvision and  are in a groupchat and we literally all love you! Can we please add you to it to discuss stuff like Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix?!?! 
captain marvel: h- misogynists: how dare a movie be about a powerful woman NO WOMAN IS ALLOWED TO BE MORE POWERFUL THAN A MAN!!!!!!!!! FUCK YOU I HOPE THANOS EATS YOU, YOU DUMB WOMAN!!!!!
 Captain Marvel  !! • • • • • Credit Me If Share (Full Brightness Required) __________________                 
71 DAYS FOR AQUAMAN 148 DAYS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL 204 DAYS FOR AVENGERS 4 484 DAYS FOR BIRDS OF PREY
I knew it was just about Captain Marvel’s tits!  After months of unnecessary fuckery it’s finally accepted  comicsgate is simply about female characters guys can jerk off too  Well that’s sorted then. 
Superman: Hey what song is this  Captain Marvel: I don't know! But I got an app for it on my phone  Superman: Hey that's neat, what's it called?  Captain Marvel:  Superman: What's it called  Superman: Billy
Your birth month is who you will be stuck with forever in a room.  Jan: Bruce Banner Feb: Pizza Mar: Captain America April: Black Widow May: Bucky Barnes Jun: A book.  Jul: Tony Stark Aug: Thor Sep: Black Panther Oct: ur sister Nov: Captain Marvel Dec: Loki Laufeyson
Watch "Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer" on YouTube - https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
captain marvel #6 [2014] 
@muppetk Imagine, though. If Coulson's been Fury's right hand man since the nineties, a la Captain Marvel, the amount of SHIT he has seen. There's a reason he doesn't even blink at this stuff.
Captain Marvel to join Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Walt Disney Studios Park this spring (March 23 - June 16) 
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL'S BRIE LARSON Dresses As METROID'S SAMUS For Halloween - 
 early while wearing their Captain Marvel Halloween costumes.  I got a free sticker too!
Been busy lately so haven't had much time to draw but sketching any member of the marvel family is a nice way to warm up.        
 Shazam!  
that captain marvel mood is one many women know. she doesnt have to smile and she doesn't even have to look badass. she just looks DONE.
Disney's Japanese Website Reveals What Year 'Captain Marvel' Takes Place:  
I think I wanna dress up like Captain Marvel for Halloween, please help me find the best costume that I can get in less than a week cc: @TylerHuckabee
Stan Getz - Captain Marvel (1972) {Full Album} https://youtu.be/fCGNYL8eigE  via @YouTube
Top  film in the MCU that’s the most well adapted from the  &  .              
Concept Art of  from Comic-Con Released in HD 
Shazam and Captain Marvel are the same character, I will always stand by this tweet!
Millennials vs Baby Boomers
#Marvel #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4 #RIPStanLee i got awesome news stan lee got his cameos done in avengers 4 and captain marvel os we get to see him 2 more times
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4?a  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis
In every Marvel superhero trailer with its stone-faced male lead(s), never once did I hear "he looks blank and expressionless. He can't act. He should smile more." Those complaints leveled at  is grade A chauvinism/sexism.  That's so obvious it's almost sad.
Captain Marvel commission   
   RT : Color all done! Wanna see an animated series with these ladies... cmon  !...  … 
The Marcus arc casts a large shadow over the legacy of .   
So if I’m counting right. We will have 8 CBMs next year? Dark Phoenix, New Mutants, Captain Marvel, Shazam, Avengers, Spiderman, Joker, and Wonder Woman 1984
Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019 - 
we need captain marvel to fight thanos
I like when people who don’t follow me do a drive-by like this.  I tweeted the correction about the Captain Marvel contract thing. If you took one second to actually look at my Twitter feed you’d see that. 
Be your own damn hero! Today is the day, y'all. Make your voices heard! · ·     
SPIDEY COMPLETISTS! Cameo of the Earth-199999 web-swinger in Marvel Studios Captain Marvel Prelude #1. 
ok but 2019 has captain marvel, avengers 4, the last GoT season and the met ball.... can this year end already
I want Captain Marvel to crossunder Blitz Blow 50/50 me on incoming  
Marvel just added another twist to Captain Marvel's origin story  
Happy Birthday and Happy 4th msry to my captain marvel stay ryza hahaha I LOVE YOU  
captain marvel layout 
I bought things. Because reasons.    
Another character I really like is , especially with  movie coming out! Since she has , I tried to do an experiment where I bent metal. What happens when  gets too cold? It doesn't bend...it breaks. Oops  
Stark Industries and Captain Marvel watches both available at 
What did you guys think of the Captain Monotone trailer?    
Like black widow captain marvel and scarlet witch
Tapos ung counterpart ni Superman sa Marvel which is Captain Marvel sinave talaga nila for last na like when even the Avengers failed na haha also she’s a woman
Can't believe the legend passed away!! This guy gave us so many superheroes like      and my favourite, the loudmouth Deadpool. Will surely miss this guy and his cameos. Rest In Peace, Stan Lee sir
Captain marvel  2018 World Cup star  Speedy forward   We pick out the  players to watch ahead of the  final!
MARVELS STAN LEE TRIBUTE  Forever             r       
So what we not gonna do is ignore Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Detective Pikachu, X-Men. 
This morning a guy in yoga told me I look like  and every time he sees me he thinks captain marvel is doing yoga and that’s easily the best compliment I’ve ever received
Happy Birthday  !!!   I hope you have an amazing day and I can't wait to see Captain Marvel!    
always remember my captain marvel theory
Me: excuse me, do you have any Captain Marvel shirts?  Employee: you mean aside from those? *points to captain America shirts*  Me: oh dear...
Kinda All-New, Somewhat All-Different   Header! Captain Marvel = ! Thanos = ! Spidey = ! Luna Snow = ! Wolverine = !
GyftedDesignz ™ by me Aj Bristol            
!!!!   for men?!
2019 is going to be crazy year for movies  - Captain Marvel - Joker - Aladdin - Avengers 4 - The Lion King  - Wonder Woman 1984 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Frozen 2 - Toy Story 4  - & of course, Star Wars Episode IX to top it all off 
165 Days Until   
BUT THINKING ABOUT THIS TITLE, who's gonna be the last avenger? probably Captain Marvel cause she's a new character,, AND MAYBE STEVE ISN'T GOING TO DIE.
Us as S.H.I.E.L.D. fans are looking forward to Phil Coulson's return to the big screen and meeting  for the first time.   
obviously there are crackheads who would make ww being pushed back about captain marvel. y'all petty asf. y'all so threatened by wonder woman that much? HER IMPACT UGH!!!
The Spectre (Jim) Doctor Fate (Kent) Captain Marvel (Billy) Swamp Thing  Deadman Etrigan Phantom Stranger Zatanna Constantine  The Flash (Barry) 
Top 10 female Marvel characters more interesting than Captain Marvel and Jean Grey:  1. Rogue  2. White Queen 3. Psylocke 4. Mystique 5. She-Hulk 6. Storm 7. Gamora 8. Tigra 9. Lilith 10. Domino
captain marvel: trailer, poster, set pics, interviews  far from home: many set pics, active cast, lots of background info avengers: four
Have You Seen the First Official Captain Marvel Trailer Yet?  
YT women when Captain Marvel doesn't break 1 billion like that Nigger Cat movie did: 
Because  hit him with that Captain Marvel revenge fatality 
men are so stupid petition for captain marvel (2019) to be watched by everyone except cishet men breathe to sign
Avengers Infinity War: Captain Marvel end credits scene was nearly different - here's how - read more -   The post-credits moment saw Samuel L Jackson’s Nick Fury meeting the same ashy demise that was hitting half the universe; but not before he used a ...
Captain Marvel Story Book #2 (1947) 
My  comic of the week is Shazam! #5 which published on June 19, 1973 and had a cover date of September 1973.  It featured 2 new  stories and a reprint of a golden-age Captain Marvel Jr story. 
DeConnick's  is iconic. 
People think Jude Law is playing a human and not a Kree in Captain Marvel. 
 is she arrives in time!     
TRAILER VIEWS 2019  1  35,14M 2  24,52M 3  21,73M 4  13,26M 5  12,46M 6  12,16M 7  10,44M 8  8,35M 9  4,97M 10  4,32M 11  3,18M 
thanos: h-  captain marvel: 
Marvel Just Revealed Where Nick Fury Was Before Avengers: Infinity War     
Agent Peggy Carter was in a scene of Ant-Man set in 1989. She was 68, & still an active member of S.H.I.E.L.D. Captain Marvel is set in 1995. Peggy Carter would be 74 and I have no reason to believe she wouldn’t still be working there.   So why she not in this movie????
Please  check out the "Captain Marvel" trailer I re-scored with my own original music. Also I would really appreciate it if you could critique what I have created so I can become better, and keep me in mind if a position ever opens up on your team. I hope you enjoy! 
First article from  's new blog! Captain Marvel fans unite!  How a Fangirl Became a Perky Nerd      
Whose avengers squad would win vs Thanos  Drew’s- Thor, Dr. Strange, Vision, Hawkeye, & Winter Soldier Liz- Hulk, Ironman, Star-Lord, & Nick Fury Tyler-Captain Marvel, Black Panther, Scarlet Witch, Nebula, & Falcon  See the tweet below for all of our options tonight!
Grace is so fucking dumb, it actually hurts.  "WW84 backs away from a fight with Captain Marvel"  WW84 had a November release, CM has a March release. Yeah, she backed away from a non-existent fight, 8 freaking months apart. How dumb can you be? 
Happy Halloween!  
if none of my siblings are excited about captain marvel i'm gonna disown them
I don't think  is moving out of fear of , since they would've been coming out several months apart anyway. There's no proof to back that theory up. CM wouldn't have hurt WW's box office, or vice versa.
Hi, I’m Captain Marvel, an Earthling and an Avenger... and you’re watching Disney Channel 
How is it I feel like I know so much more about Far From Home but know nothing about Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 
Captain marvel looks dope af and a bitch hyped
Does anyone know if Captain Marvel is represented at UOR at all? If not, I'd be surprised if she doesn't show up at DHS (or Epcot?) sooner or later...
When Captain Marvel makes loads of money, which it will, then this will happen 
   The guys talk  and that is all that really matters. However they do also talk   and have a returning guest! check it out coworkers! 
NEW VIDEO: Ms. Marvel - Hope for the Next Generation        
‘Captain Marvel’ Composer Breaks Superhero Glass Ceiling as Scoring Diversity Lags   
 1975  Issue #1 of The  comic from  (UK) is published in their short lived 'landscape format'.  The first edition arrives with a free poster.  Featuring , Nick Fury and , it was cancelled in Nov 1976 to merge with a sister title. 
Hello! Can you guys help me reach 3999 retweets for this Captain Marvel backpack? Ill totally appreciate it! Thank you  for doing this!
Captain Marvel (by Norm Breyfogle) Marvel Fanfare #57 
MARVEL STUDIOS' CAPTAIN MARVEL (TRAILER)   [ ] 
A few years ago I was able to do an interview with Jackson Bostwick, TVs  from the 1970s  TV show! 
remember when the captain marvel trailer turned ‘her’ into ‘a hero’ 
why don’t we love wonder woman AND captain marvel
My reaction when the  trailer pop up on  Channel.    
I’m expecting this during the post-credits scene for Captain Marvel 
Sad news.  Going to be missed    
next Halloween will be full of little girls dressed up as Captain Marvel and I’m tearing up just thinking about it :’)
I AM NO LONGER ACCEPTING THE THINGS I CANNOT CHANGE.  I AM CHANGING THE THINGS I CANNOT ACCEPT.                
2019 is going to be insane when it comes to cbm's. We're getting , , , , , , , , and . It's going to be favourite year when it comes to movies, I already know it!
Definitely not too much captain marvel right?? 
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL': Year the Movie is Set in Confirmed 
Do you have a cameo in the Captain Marvel movie?
Captain Marvel Set Photos Reveal Reshoots Have Begun - Screen Rant 
captain marvel and A4 are both so close it’s crazy
REQUESTED RT for Captain Marvel LIKE for Shazam 
Who's excited to see the new ? 
the life of captain marvel #4 [2018] —CAROL’S ORIGIN HAS OFFICIALLY BEEN REWRITTEN, AND I MAY OR MAY NOT BE CRYING.  —NOT BORROWED  NOT A GIFT  NOT AN ACCIDENT  —(the life of captain marvel #4 is out today!! buy it people!!) 
We going to see Captain Marvel dressed in all black now
here’s a picture of me wearing a snowman onsie and my captain marvel shoes 
i can't believe i didn't know ronan was lee pace when i first started thirst about ronan in captain marvel......universe really works in mysterious ways
i cant wait to have my matching wasp and captain marvel keychains LESBIAN RIGHTS!!!! i wish i had a ghost one though :/
 to visit Disney Cruise Line, Disney Parks in 2019  
. Will Feature A "Very Different" Type Of Origin Story According To  
excuse me but melinda may, the fucking cavalry, DESERVES to be in the captain marvel film!!! let it happen marvel, let it happen cowaaarrdsss!! 
Captain Marvel is going to be a very important movie, apart from being a movie with heroin, it will exploit women in a profession that is dominated by men. We've never seen women being portrayed this way in the movies. This is a good time to live.  
Slightly updated  Logo... 
BAKIT GANON YUNG ENDING NG ‘ANT-MAN AND THE WASP’??? AAAHHHHHHHH I CAN’T WAIT ANY LONGER PLEASE FAST FORWARD NA SA ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ AND ‘INFINITY WAR 2’.
In the details, the fine ones, there's the openness into accepting and saying  isn't . But for the practical purposes, this character is the one who is Captain Marvel, at least, for  (also for ) and what is aiming for to be.
As of today, 198 days until avengers 4 142 days until Captain Marvel  Thank you days-until-avengers-4 (tumblr)
February 2019: Some VERY exciting  stuff that I can't wait for you guys to see (covers by Amanda Conner & );  #8 - Enter Spiral! (cover by ); &  #8 - the start of an all-new arc! (Cover by Eduard Petrovich) 
Still trying to decide on the approach to @captainmarvel in wake of Disney's (T)rollover of @JamesGunn; skip opening weekend?  Skip theater altogether? Problem is I'm not mad at the cast and crew.  What will you do?
Thats our ! A smart and strong woman. It’s so inspiring to see how  is feeling empowered, fierce and ripped! PROUD!  “A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not to be done.” Marge Piercy
One of my favorite comic covers!   on the first issue of The Power of   “Say the word...feel the power!”
If  ever needs a break from , Lucy is ready to fill in!   Halloween
Because of the time period, this wouldn't be appropriate for a post-credit scene for the  movie. However, I think would be perfect as a post-credits scene after Carol helps the Avengers save the world from Thanos. 
Wait. Is that Captain Marvel
Algo de errado, não está certo na imagem abaixo   Something wrong, isn't right. See below lol   v.    
@kellysue really excited for your Aquaman run. I especially loved your quote about how he will be “Zeppelin” and how that contrast with the tone of your Captain Marvel. How do you settle on the right tone for characters with such rich histories?
I’m sorry. Your data is flawed. Those 109 million views were just from my phone alone.
I'm still new to this whole embroidery thing but I'm super excited for  and  to join the MCU. Also, that trailer brought back all of my memories of my neighborhood Blockbuster
When WW showed up in BVS people got excited because they saw a character who they’ve loved for a while come to the big screen. Captain Marvel has never resonated with audiences and the only reason she has fans now is cause she’s a strong woman in a marvel movie. 
Settings and privacy -> muted words.   (Yeah, I want no captain marvel spoilers) 
not to be that bitch but captain marvel is stronger than superman
I respect you don't like WB's #Shazam plan. Comparing two Captain Marvel films because of a name hurts the case. One has more MCU good will - one is muscling itself out from a bumpy road. Better they take a more relatable general audience path. Not the same situation here.
Marvel's  Poster Releases Alongside Epic Trailer  
Art of Captain Marvel. The hero, pilot, avenger. 
 just released some  concept art! 
 your illustration for the captain marvel interlude is AWESOME!!! would love to see you doing some X-Men comics in the future
Toddler: Who is that? Me: That’s Captain Marvel (shoutout to ) Toddler: Laurie Berkner’s friend!  It took me a sec to get why she assumed Captain Marvel was ’s friend, but then I remembered the line from Laurie’s “Superhero”: “Captain Marvel and me!” 
here it is!!!!  prelude, imma 'bout to find out  
Lol  trolling those idiots that want her to “smile more” in Captain Marvel      
they played the captain marvel trailer in the movie theatre
THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 preview by   and co. continues to explain some of the mystery surrounding Carol's mom and her past   
TRISHA AS CAPTAIN MARVEL  
Handing out comics and candy dressed like Ms Marvel, making Jersey City and Carol Danvers proud! I wouldn't miss this for the world! . .      
Love my new Captain Marvel tat 
Wonder woman. Black widow. Shuri. Gamora. The wasp. Captain marvel. Jean grey. Scarlett witch. Invisible woman. Valkyrie. Elektra. Storm. Mystique. Star fire. Black canary. Hawk girl. Mera. Bat woman. Zatanna. Katana. Etc. Perhaps Women should support heroines by buying comics. 
 heard you would love to be in a Metroid movie and I 100% support that!  Fingers crossed it can happen with you in the suit!  Here’s some art I did of Samus to wish you good luck for Metroid and captain marvel! 
MCU fans can't fathom an actual well-thought out story because they think the MCU is the Gold Standard  The MCU, who has TWO MOVIES that were knee jerk reactions to DCEU (Civil War which was BvS watered down and Captain Marvel which is Wonder Woman if it was a dumb idea)
2019 is gonna be amazing i’m so ready. i cant wait to see ariana again, see little mix again, get avengers 4, captain marvel & ffh, hey stranger things season 3, it: chapter 2, possibly ag5 and literally so much more :’))
Do they really need 3 hours for Captain Marvel to save them all? 
I got the last print of this today! I love this one.    
 Gobo Fraggle, Yoda, annnnnd captain marvel 
2019'un gelmesi için 5 neden   •Game of thrones  •İnfinity War  •Captain Marvel  •Peaky Blinders  •Black Mirror
Seems like many are excited about the new Captain Marvel trailer as I did. Can’t wait to watch the movie!  
Bournemouth (a) what a day!!    
New post (Infinity War Concept Art Shows Alternate Design for Captain Marvel Pager) has been published on Movie Tv Series Gaming Trailer News - MoviePlus - 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY    
A very 90s color job on this Captain Marvel by Mahmud Asrar. 
remember the day the captain marvel trailer came out and there was so much excitement and drama and everyone was fighting lmaoo... good times
Captain Marvel's Jude Law Details The Secrecy Around his Character  …  
@Bosslogic  Swap of maybe Kara Danvers and Captain Marvel  and Flash (doesn’t matter which) and Tom Holland Spider-Man?   #ElseBothworlds
Fair enough, but isn't this counting the chickens a little early? What if Captain Marvel goes down in flames like The Last Jedi (50/50 fan rating, hundreds of millions in lost merch/DVD/ticket sales) ... then she's STILL the leader of the Avengers?  THAT'S the plan? 
Captain Marvel to Make Debut on Disney Magic During Marvel Day at Sea 2019:   cruiseline   
The hard way ? Yeah, we can do that. Captain Marvel: Deathbright Cosplay  : Eric Manix Photography    
Captain Marvel - Sneak Peak 
next year for halloween I’m either being captain marvel or I’m being kevin with his world famous chili there is no in between
Twitter feminists ranted about Captain Marvel not talking much in the movie trailer but no word was spoken for Yazidi Survivor Nadia Murad winning a Peace Nobel Prize huh
2019 tem b99, captain marvel, avengers 4, toy story, game of thrones... uma pena os feriado caírem tudo no fds
Analysis of the new “Captain Marvel” trailer: 
the amount of dreams I have about actually watching captain marvel and A4 is insane someone save me
If you could create an entirely new super-team, what would you call it and what superheroes would you choose to join that team? Me: Super Legion. Superheroes; Mera. Former Captain Marvel, Shazam. Firestorm. Vixen. Blue Beetle Jaime Reyes.
#CaptainMarvel is set to make her debut for Marvel Day at Sea on @DisneyCruise in 2019! Learn more:http://bit.ly/2COm3EO
Oh yasssss! today has been a darn good day! Cannot wait to use mi brushes & give this prelude a good read 
I prefer Miss Marvel (Kamala Kann) than Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers). Just my opinion 
This is really great . Lexi is the first woman to direct a Marvel adaptation & 9yrs later, when the article was published (2017), was still the ONLY woman. Anna Boden’s Captain Marvel and Gina Prince-Bythewood’s Silver and Black are coming soon! This is a GREAT read. 
Ok guys, im dead. OMG I am just     you look FANTASTIC sir
Pick of the Week #656!  Cover! Thor! Nightwing! Archie 1941! Strangers in Paradise XXV! Shuri! Black Hammer: Age of Doom! The Life of Captain Marvel! Lucifer! Dreadnought: Legends!  Special guest !   
Jude Law Can't Tell You if He's Mar-Vell in Captain Marvel  
I kindaaaa didn’t wanna join in but anything for my Captain Marvel anc the love of my life ︽✵︽ 
Can you imagine how life would have been without these?   AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   Thank you Stan Lee for everything
Anyone have any idea how to make the captain marvel patch without ruining my one good pair of pants? 
Fascinating (although, dissapointing) insight. I wonder how many films directed by women are planned for 2019? Wonder Woman was recently pushed back, but there's still Captain Marvel, Little Women, Frozen 2 and Charlie's Angels.
Captain Marvel is coming to save us all...   
Giving my twim of the week to Life of  by  what a revelation and I don’t even think we know the half of it. this series has really been great with only 2 issues left really excited to see where were going, but I’m so ready to find out. 
ICYMI: See the first official trailer and poster for Marvel Studios' @CaptainMarvel: http://bit.ly/2MISINC  #CaptainMarvel
OMGcosplay, Captain Marvel, cosplayer vs cosplay 
Captain Marvel  March 9th , 2019. I can’t wait !!
liNDA YOU--
“WHAT IS THE SECRET HIDDEN IN HER MEMORY? WHO THE HELL IS SHE? WHEN THE TRUTH BECOMES CLEAR, EVERYTHING COVERS.” #CaptainMarvel
Just read "The Life of Captain Marvel #4" and all I can say is...wow. The feels in this issue were the best I've had in years. Thanks once again @mstohl! You've found new ways to make Carol Danvers a true marvel.
Jude Law discusses his secret role in Captain Marvel  
People* are complaining that  doesn’t smile enough in the  trailer. I guess even superheroes have to deal with this bullshit.  *men
I see a couple cosplaying as Captain Marvel and the Winter Soldier...  now this is GOALS
|In the new Captain Marvel series they gave Carol a new origin but the new origin makes no sense with what we know of Mar-Vell and the Kree as a species in general.|
Using the World's Mightiest Mortal as an example since he's had both:  Pointless: Injustice Shazam! killed by Injustice Superman.  Meaningful: Captain Marvel in Kingdom Come where he sacrificed his life because he understood there was no distinction between humans and metahumans. 
 the reprise, featuring a subtle Captain Marvel inspired eye. 
Mystery man:  is still keeping Jude Law's role in CAPTAIN MARVEL a secret, and even the actor is staying mum: "I can't tell you who I am."   
captain marvel is my bitch i’d die for her
Happy birthday to ! We're so excited for 'Captain Marvel' that we could punch an old woman* on the bus!   *If that old woman were actually some kind of invading alien in disguise of course 
Dont forget about Captain Marvel and Avengers 4
But does she smile tho?
Justice League Action casting John Astin to play Uncle Dudley opposite Sean Astin’s Captain Marvel is like the cutest thing ever
I suspect this will mirror the movie changes. Just my thoughts..  
in Captain Marvel they’re setting up the skrulls in the mcu and what if in A4 cap dies but in the postcredit scene we see him revealed to be a skrull which can lead into another movie where they go and save the real Steve. This gives cap and cevans a few years break from the mcu
This is neat because 1. It's all in good fun and 2. even Levi knows in his hear that the character's name is Captain Marvel! Even if he's gotta be "Shazam" now. 
Who else is excited to finaly see a MCU female lead female super hero film?! #CaptainMarvel Can't wait!
1. Agent Phil Coulson 2. Agent Melinda May 3. Captain Marvel 4. Agent Elena "YoYo" Rodriguez 5. Spider-Man 6. Daisy Johnson 7. Black Panther 
ooh also coolio. Well my vote would def be another Captain Marvel, but ofc I play favorites :P
All I care about is Captain Marvel
STAN LEE 1922-2018  (  )  "More than a CAMEO"   Studios  NewsIT     Forever   Studious 
See... I am starting to do this now. I only watched AMATW 1x. I plan to do this with Captain Marvel and A4 too, etc. Eventually the MCU will fall apart unless something drastic takes place (cough #RehireJamesGunn cough) but it could take years before that happens.
I started thinking that Vision is in a male adult android’s body but he is still a baby. - - Follow for more  Notifications On. - - #Thor #Marvel #Avengers #GOTG #CaptainAmerica #IronMan #Hulk #BlackWidow #Hawkeye #CaptainMarvel #BlackPanther #Okoye #WarMachine #AntMan
"Disparu ce lundi à l'âge de 95 ans, le légendaire Stan Lee avait eu le temps de filmer son caméo pour le long métrage Avengers 4, en salles le 24 avril prochain. L'information avait été confirmée par le...http://www.allocine.fr/article/fichearticle_gen_carticle=18676895.html …
Since James Gunn got fired, if CAPTAIN MARVEL can’t top GOTG Vol. 2, nothing will.
Mastery increased! CAPTAIN MARVEL now has 6★ Mastery.  http://smarturl.it/gzcav2
This dude literally BLASTING the Captain Marvel trailer of his phone right now on the train; headphones be damned I guess #MartaChronicles
hasan-minhaj: Captain Marvel (2019) insp. https://tmblr.co/ZAw00q2cIlIPG
I would also like to see Captain Marvel interact with Surtr in Muspelheim, Fenrir, and Jörmungandr.  All three of those beings are supposed to play major roles during Ragnarök.
A new photo from  gives us a strong clue about when, exactly,  is set! 
The Real Captain Marvel, R.I.P 
It's ! Make like 's Captain Marvel and ROCK THE VOTE! 
—countdown to captain marvel 
Someone is mad online about "Captain Marvel" for the most ridiculous outrage reason to date  
game of thrones, infinity war part two, spiderman far from home, captain marvel NEXT YEAR GON BE HYPE
Shazam and Captain Marvel are two separate characters. Both are great. You can love both and not be a jerk about one or the other. 
As a kid I always thought Wonder Woman should be stronger than Superman, though she was never depicted that way. My logic was, Diana (at least in the Bronze Age) was stronger than Hercules. Captain Marvel had the strength of Hercules and was evenly matched with Superman, sooo...
She’s putting the HER in HERO.   hits theaters on March 8th.       
 we love a  captain!     
Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, and Spider man: far from home will be his last cameos
1 on trending youtube #CaptainMarvel trailer
Next year Captain Marvel yay yay
These Films are in my Top 5 Anticipated films of 2019  1. It: Chapter Two 2. Avengers 4 3. Godzilla: King Of The Monsters 4. Captain Marvel 5. Hellboy (2019)  What are your guys Top 5 anticipated movies for 2019?     
preparation...   
Captain Marvel by Kayla Erin 
Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait?   via 
i simply love how issue 4 of the life of captain marvel just added a whole new layer to carol's origin story without actually changing her past and her identity and with respect to the legacy of her mantle, it's such a great storytelling, thank you @mstohl
Annette Bening on : “I can’t give anything away but it is as much fun as you’d imagined it could be. I can’t tell you why because then I’ll give something away. It’s like when you’re a little kid and imagine how it’d be to be in a super hero movie. That was it.” 
Im in love!  
if there isn’t any jessica drew easter eggs (or cameos..... please) in captain marvel then what is the point
Not the creator of the superheroes, Stan Lee was the boss of the superheroes, being one himself. I look forward to see you with a particular feeling in the coming ,  and . Good thing in that very sad news   
Smh  looks better then . That's not a good sign. Captain Marvel better be good especially because its tying into Avengers 4. I have hope but  trailer looks better.  might release a better Marvel movie then  for once
If you want a laugh, read Next wave Agents of H.A.T.E. It's about a group of superheroes lead by Captain Marvel who have gone "piratey" and fight a giant lizard monster in purple underpants.
Like they said we'll get avengers 4 news after the captain marvel trailer... its been like forever and i heard avengers news is happening in december. And watch it just be a picture that gives us nothing
Disney Should Debut The First  Trailer At The End Of  via  by 
New This Week!! UNCANNY X-MEN #1, BITTER ROOT #1, BLACK ORDER #1, BLOODSHOT RISING SPIRIT #1, FIREFLY #1,ELECTRIC WARRIORS #1, GOD OF WAR #1, INFINITY WARS INFINITY WARPS #1, LIFE IS STRANGE #1, MARVELS CAPTAIN MARVEL PRELUDE #1,…  
"I am their biggest fan", says 'Captain Marvel' .    
Dude when Marvel did that back in 2015(?) it was the coolest fucking thing ever, I still have my  Captain Marvel #1 variant somewhere. Rat Queens also did a VC last year with ’s amazing Violet—cosplay variants are a huge honor, I hope I get there someday!
I hope they give him a send off in that or in Captain Marvel
 great work on the new  Prelude! it was great seeing a new  story following what Nick Fury and Maria Hill were doing behind-the-scenes. 
‘Captain Marvel’ additional photography now underway - https://gamerpunk.net/captain-marvel-additional-photography-now-underway/ …
When is Captain Marvel released in the UK? Movie release date, cast, trailer, plot, theories and more - Radio Times 
I'm just not sure how i feel about Avengers 4 having what people are now saying will be a 5 year time jump. Was that how long Fury's beeper message took to reach Captain Marvel? Talk about shit reception. Someone should change providers.
where is my #CaptainMarvel emoji @MarvelStudios? feed me
I love this vid all this lil wonder woman and captain marvel dress ups. My heart cant take it 
Kalau bg hint byk modal keluar haha lagipun akan keluar captain marvel dulu or avengers dulu?
New Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Action Figure  
//I know the naming rights have changed but whenever I think of Captain Marvel I think of this person, and Shazam is the name of the wizard that gave him his powers 
we’re exactly 4 months away from captain marvel @ thanos is shaking in his trousers 
SHIT anyone have Captain Marvel's beeper number, or the number for the TARDIS
En los cómics es la madre de Mónica Rambeau, una de las Captain Marvel, que un tiempo estuvo con los vengadores.
. can't help following me. First their titles ... straight through the 'regeneration' of Captain Marvel. But ... which one of us is more successful? ... all right then. I'll crawl back into my tiny police box. 
Superhero day for my little lady.   
I'm not saying Carol Danvers will be good or bad. I'm saying I've seen the Captain Marvel TRAILER. that's it.   Will CM make $500M? $1B? $1.5B? Will the character resonate? Sell merchandise? Will the sequel be profitable? We know NOTHING yet. With Iron Man, we had these answers. 
Be MARVELous        
thanos when captain marvel shows up in avengers 4 
what if captain marvel is set before IW and it ends with carol disintegrating cause of the snap 
Captain Marvel is joining the cast of Disney Cruise Lines:  
that moment you realize Scott Pilgrim dated Captain Marvel
Me, when someone tells me that the original Captain Marvel and New 52 Shazam are one and the same. 
Im really hoping & wishing that Ming will be in #CaptainMarvel tho..  i want #Philinda to be together
Captain Marvel, Jean Grey, Storm, Scarlet Witch are not secondary characters. Black Widow, Elektra as well  Jean Grey, Scarlet Witch are omega level mutant, Carol Danvers harnesses the power of suns, making her one of the strongest meta-humans. Far from secondary characters.
me: talks about marvel and being excited about the captain marvel movie a dudebro who thinks he knows more than me: oh yeah whose playing captain marvel then i bet you don't even know that captain marvel is a girl
I would want my child to want to be as honestly kind Captain America. To wish to be as clever as Iron Man and as wise as Professor X. To see themself in Mockingbird and Agent Carter. To rise up when Captain Marvel stands; to stride boldly forward naming themselves Valkyrie.
Another awesome Captain Marvel sezzynielsen i met at  Brisbane.  Awesome day now can't wait till Goldcoast supanova next year.   My suit by  … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo5OVtJgIMw/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12xznp3jxq9u5 …
Captain Marvel Cosplayer:   Photographer:     Cosplay  
We’re gonna see those stan lee cameos in captain marvel an avengers 4 next year and be devastated all over again.
Captain America Iron Man Thor Black Panther CaptainMarvel Spectrum Blue Marvel 
. takes us higher, further and faster into 's newest HERo with an exclusive  set visit.  
HYPE!! • • •            e       
captain marvel   variant covers for avengers #15 & fantastic four #7 
Mortal Kombat was a hit last night and we got to kick it with Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel at      
captain marvel yeet me off to another dimension challenge
3 days left! INFINITY COUNTDOWN #1-3, Prime #1, Adam Warlock #1  LOT NM            
So What Took Nick Fury So Long to Call For  in ? Here's the answer! 
2020  Doctor Strange 2  (Possibly) Black Panther 2  Fantastic Four  2021  Captain Marvel 2  Black Widow  X-Men  2022  Wolverine  Spider-Man 3  Doctor Strange 3  2023  Ant-Man 3  Captain Marvel 3  X-Men 2  2024  Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3  Wolverine 2  Eternals  Dark Avengers
throwback to when the captain marvel trailer came out and i sobbed because  is my hero
omg took me forever to realise this ︽✵︽ stands for captain marvel
captain marvel has spoken 
Smile? No, i want her to roar   
Time travel can lead to some unusually raunchy changes. #CaptainMarvel
next....  (i'm hoping they'll have captain marvel and shazam here)  
 So here's Wren, on their way to a combination Halloween & Birthday party. Carol seems to have ended up with her own flerken "cat" with the outdoor photo shoot! (the role of Chewie is played by Lentil)  
Avengers doing War of the Vampires, and wait, is this just Curse of the Mutants but with the Avengers? Is Captain America going to tell Dracula to follow his heart?  This Captain Marvel variant is really nice. 
And now they're Supergirl and Captain Marvel  
filmes que quero ver em 2019:   spiderman far from home  wonder woman 84  vingadores 4  captain marvel  shazam  dark phoenix toy story 4  addams family  hellboy  como treinar o seu dragão 3  joker  shrek 5 lion king 
Club News    We are pleased to announce that  will be taking over the Captaincy for the remainder of the 2018/19 Season.    
So, Kirby is Basically the Captain Marvel of Nintendo.   
High key Captain Marvel today︽✵︽    
Set to star in @Marvel's first female-fronted adventure @CaptainMarvel, and this year's @MaryQueenMovie - @Gemma_Chan reveals why she is turning her attention to busting cinematic stereotypeshttps://www.vogue.co.uk/article/gemma-chan-crazy-rich-asians?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1540463159 …
CONGRATULATIONS! THe voice of Captain Marvel is  Secret Warriors is  !!!! YOU win some swag mama! 
She’s too expressive to be the MCU Captain Marvel 
my brother hates on captain marvel because she’s going to be “the new leader of the avengers” (idk if that’s true) and he thinks it should be peter parker instead but like?? no??
@UnrealEntGaming Now that we're getting Captain Marvel, there's a good chance we will be getting Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan) the first female Muslim. Super hero. Excited!!
im so stressed for the captain marvel post credit scene
After the trailer for  came out, internet trolls told  to smile more. She didn't see the  dudes being told to smile, so she photoshopped grins for them. - 
"Did I say that? I said I came to get you TO Heaven. I didn't say anything about our actual location, did I? Did you even read "The Death of Captain Marvel? That's not going to be enough."  Stan looked down at himself. Not enough? Then he looked at the legions around them.
PLEASE STOP TELLING ME TO WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL
SOON!! Bringing Captain Marvel Prelude Comic on my Youtube Channel. Please show your SUPPORT!!!! Next video Coming Today - Detective Pikachu Trailer Breakdown.
Coming Saturday to    Captain Marvel () undergoes ,   and  all while under the spell of the evil Dr. Mesmer!  Join today and don't miss this one! 
So...captain marvel finished filming this year and the trailer came out a few months later. ffh finished filming last month and a trailer could be coming in December. chaos walking wrapped LAST FUCKING YEAR and still no sign of a trailer...what's up.. 
I have Captain Korea, who is Captain Marvel. 
as a big marvel fans, i'm super sad to hear that stan lee is gone :( will be miss seeing him as a cameo. probably avengers 4, captain marvel and far from home will be the last films he cameo.
That reminds me, I read somewhere that He-Man was based on good ol’ Captain Marvel with the whole “shouting something to transform into a superpowered version of yourself” bit. 
Disney are gunna make all the money next year...   Avengers 4  Star Wars IX  Spider-Man far from home  captain marvel  Toy Story 4  Dumbo  Aladdin  The Lion King  Frozen 2
So first Captain Marvel, and now the latest incarnation of The Doctor - finally, characters I love and I can cosplay as them! :D
still in shock  
Who is captain marvel
I thought that captain marvel landed on an earth with no collective memories of her life, only bits n pieces of what she remembered. Idk what she’d be smiling about in that situation. Lol.
Teaser photo from today’s Captain Marvel shoot. Yes, we had one shot with a lightsaber for good measure! 
I wouldn't mind more. Wonder woman is the only movie in recent years. And all signs point to captain Marvel being as bad as Ghostbusters
I’ve.. we’ve waited SO SO LONG to see this.  
An absolutely perfect Captain Marvel by my good friend,  and talented artist  . Well done sir!      
Captain Marvel: March 2019 Avengers 4: April 2019 Game of Thrones: April 2019....so so lit 
My new hoodie.     
What Stan Lee died? I've read too many Marvel comics to know dead, really means the end. I'm sure Captain Marvel will bring Stan Lee back together with half the other population that was turned to dust.    
Perform black sheep in captain marvel 
WIP it. WIP it good. (Natalie’s Captain Marvel, hopefully. She has her 13th Doctor as backup.) 
Captain Marvel. 
Someone’s been getting some new manager appointment fashion advice from Captain Marvel... 
Was asked to do a few cover samples for Marvel.  Seems like a good time to post this one, no?  
Also really looking forward to #CaptainMarvel but still got a while to wait for that.
Outta the 4 MCU characters returning as younger incarnations of themselves in #CaptainMarvel, which 1RU most excited 2C return? I pick Ronan.
Reposting : The duo the mcu needs. Spiderwomen and Captain Marvel  are great.  comics studios      
Captain Marvel Is Crash Landing Into Disney's California Adventure Park - Gizmodo  
   TheMovie               FOLLOW ALL RT  Captain Marvel [TRAILER]---> 
Captain Marvel getting a reboot again ?
全米2019年3/8公開『Captain Marvel』の邦題が『キャプテン・マーベル』として2019年3/15より全国公開決定です。出演はブリー・ラーソン、ジュード・ロウ、サミュエル・L・ジャクソン、マッケナ・グレイス、リー・ペイス、ジャイモン・フンスー、ジェンマ・チャン等
Captain Marvel had the highest weekly total trailer views on YouTube with 35.14M views.  Mary Poppins Returns was second for the week with 7.65M views.  Full Weekly YouTube Trailer Views Chart:   
Avengers 4 would be messed up if they truly make Captain Marvel the most powerful avenger in MCU because of 'agenda'.
I am more excited for Dark Phoenix than Captain Marvel. Hit me if you want but I'm judging based on what I saw and heard. I think Simon Kienberg is going all out with this one and it's going to be fantastic. It's definitely more interesting than wood face.
Ronan is going to be in Captain Marvel since it takes place in the 90s. And you gotta figure we get Adam Warlock in Guardians 3, as soon as they hire Waititi  (however you spell the guys name that did Thor Ragnarok) to replace James potential pedophile Gunn.
Carol time as Ms.Marvel she was sassy and very fierce , and I know she always been one for her country. But her as Captain Marvel she takes it to the extreme such as during the whole civil war. I like Carol Danvers as Ms.Marvel!
RSP is excited to announce we are working on Marvel's upcoming movie: Captain Marvel! check out the very cool trailer! Higher. Further. Faster!      
CAPTAIN MARVEL HARISS HARUN WITH THE GOAL HE IS BETTER THAN MICHAEL BRADLEY LET’S GET IT 
Apparently... Captain Marvel's one weakness is...the male gaze.  so weakened by being asked out, she could barely walk for a week. Needed months of physical therapy.
I love Scott Pilgrim but now it has both Captain America and Captain Marvel. Michael Cera needs to be a superhero.
captain marvel is COMING
BTS - Re shooting scenes for  movie.           
If the next avengers movie is a semi faithful adaptation of Annihilation (the event that solidified my love of comics)and Richard Rider and Captain Marvel rip thanos in two I'll loose my mind!! Also I'd love to see Annihilus on the screen. 
 as Captain Marvel  Hope you like my edit! 
Had to make a quick grocery run & OMG Captain Marvel showed up!        
Yikes RE-SHOOTS!!? This isn’t good news, is the film in danger!? Marvel losing its touch?  
So happy to be on board in new  ongoing series with     &  on covers  Onto shelves this January!!
There's a good reason Captain Marvel punched an old lady, we promise  
Me after Marvel feeding me with Captain Marvel’s trailer AND Loki’s and Scarlet Witch’s series. 
Captain Marvel is Smiling More Than Literally Every MCU Hero Before Her -  
Unexpected News..  
CAPTAIN MARVEL Star BRIE LARSON Thanks Military Families and STEM Students 
Captain Marvel  by @armoredheartcosplay  Photo by @greg_amptman .   cosplay    
Might Captain Marvel be the silver lining?  http://culture.affinitymagazine.us/captain-america-chris-evans-is-hanging-up-his-shield/ …
 looks absolutely fire!  Can’t wait to see  take over the MCU big screen!       Comics  CinematicUniverse
-Ralph Breaks The Internet -Mary Poppins Returns -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Toy Story 4 -Spider-Man: Far From Home -The Lion King 2019 -Frozen 2 -Star Wars Episode 9 
Rip Stan Lee... You were a super star for us... Hope you are good up there..            …
A reminder that Star Trek was far ahead of its time  
me when the next captain marvel trailer drops 
Kevin Smith Says The  Trailer Was Breathtaking And Brilliant -  
Watch:  as Iron Man... is Mystique... is Invisible Woman.. is Hawkeye.. is Captain Marvel.. is Black Panther.. is Captain America.. is Captain Canada..  
‘Captain Marvel’ Concept Artist Shares Early Costume Design Illustration  
Just went to see Venom & Halloween movies back to back, and there she was in all her glory!  teaser poster: 
Day 28. CAPTAIN MARVEL (Carol Danvers). AND HERE SHE IS!  Last one from the MCU! I love her look, love her costume and her powers. I mean, have you all seen the trailer?     2018
MCU: Captain Marvel - March 8, 2019 Avengers 4 - May 3, 2019 Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 - July 5, 2019 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - 2020 (No Exact Date As Of Right Now)  TBD: Black Panther 2 Black Widow Movie Doctor Strange 2 Logan Spinoff  Ms. Marvel   
lemme request off so i can see captain marvel on the thursday it comes out..... 
You can only watch one of these films, which one do you choose to watch? #SHPOLL18 #Marvel #CaptainMarvel  Or #XMenDarkPhoenix
Decided to keep pushing the detail and highlight on this Captain Marvel image never a huge Carol Danvers fan but I’m trying          
Funnily enough, the VERY first time I met Captain Marvel in Adventures of Superman #442, my first thought was that he was basically He-Man meets Superman. 
So March 2019 will be good with these movies on the way?   
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/4wnWoShFgh8?a  WHY Captain Marvel is set in the 90s and the MCU Importance
Captain Marvel and the Guardians of the Galaxy!   
rt and I'll follow you if you stan - captain marvel - Valkyrie  - Thor:Ragnarok - guardians of the galaxy - infinity war - anything marvel - Hayley kiyoko - kehlani - halsey - dc comics,  more specifically their TV shows!  - for LGBT content and follow me if you want to! 
only news about captain marvel (2019) dir. anna boden and ryan fleck can make me happy right now...
Don’t tell Captain Marvel to “smile more,”  
Captain marvel looks so good
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/crj8vtjbo4Y?a  Captain Marvel Teaser - Iron Man Scene Easter Egg Breakdown
Not sure what made me laugh more: the idea of #WW84 "rebooting" the DCEU or Wonder Woman 84 moving out of 2019 because of Captain Marvel?
MAKE CHARLOTTE YOUR SKETCH MODEL FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL 2K19 
All I know is that the one in ‘Captain Marvel’ is gonna make me cry 
Its time for Marvel Vs Capcom : Infinity   Captain Marvel in it. So does Dormammu, Doctor Strange and Thanos 
unlike that Captain Marvel trailer, Dark Phoenix trailer had plenty of emotions throughout (and IS emotionally engaging), you can feel for the characters. Captain Marvel, the lead and the future face of the MCU gave us nothing to feel for. 
Kevin Feige on  and how her origin story is very different from what we’ve seen before  (via )
I painted a Her-o  
Captain Marvel.  "Higher. Further. Faster." 
Anyone who as ever seen a Lego before would know that these are fake. Big figures don't have the normal minifigure head, and Lego would never make Thanos's arms (or any of their arms) so detailed. Don't even get me started on Hawkeye and Captain Marvel's hair. 
Fap Time:Pack de Fotos Filtradas de Capitana Marvel Desnuda XXX +Descarga   Marvel   
Hi there ! I bet you need someone with a PhD on  and Carol Danvers once  is there. Make sure to get a hold of our awesome  and he will surely deliver. 
“Oh man! That Captain Marvel was sooo good I won't watch any other movie for 8 months!”   - No one in March 2018
thanos is gonna take one look at captain marvel’s Mohawk helmet and straight up hand her the infinity gauntlet, it’s THAT powerful
Oh wow. It’s coming together. This front armor piece was harder to sew together than it looks. So many pivots and tinnnnnny seam allowances. But I’m insanely happy with it!  _____    cosplay …  
Here we go! . 
’s  wears a   costume for ! - 
seeing the captain marvel trailer in theater is such an experience
Leaked 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' LEGO Figure Has Revealed A New Look At The Skrulls  
Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin  
156 Days until Captain Marvel.   212 Days until Avengers 4.   275 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 
Loki with Captain Marvel     
New  Trailer Description Teases  Saving The Day 
I wonder if we’ll see Lola in Captain Marvel.
captain marvel leaked omfg https://yesmovies.to/movie/novitiate-23860.html …
I was going to do Captain Marvel for Halloween but since her movie isn’t out until March I’m going to hold off because I don’t think the kiddos at work will get it.   So what costume should I make for Halloween that very young kids will recognize? I mostly work with 0-5 year olds
I think people really underrate or really misunderstand Captain Marvel’s Wisdom of Solomon.  It’s actually his greatest superpower.  It gives him:  - All of man’s knowledge and wisdom. It’s Wikipedia on tap.  - The greatest IQ in the universe. No one is smarter than him. 
“I’m taking the damn name”   (2012) 1 
He might’ve filmed a cameo for Captain Marvel and A4
2019 WILL BE AWESOME  OPM S2 MOB PSYCHO 100 S2 DR. STONE ANIME DORAEMON BNHA S4 AVENGERS 4  CAPTAIN MARVEL SPIDERMAN FAR FROM HOME  DARK PHOENIX GAMBIT  HSJDBDJSJSBDJDJSNSJS
So I assume you guys saw the captain marvel trail?
Marvel Studios confirmó que Stan Lee alcanzó a grabar los cameos para Captain Marvel y Avengers4.   Lo veremos en la gran pantalla por una última vez  
Haha yea, the moment I saw that in the solicitations I put it on my list. Explains why he was posting Captain Marvel artwork on twitter for a while before the series was announced
R. I. P. Stan Lee                     
Is Captain Marvel a time traveler?  And is it possible that she's already met Thanos?    
HAHAHA THE BEST PERSON aka ! Such a power core control! And such a taste  This girl  knows how to live life to the fullest! Our , baby 
Captain Marvel in football you need to make your own luck rest assured there was nothing lucky about last night’s result was a gritty performance where all the players sweated blood thanks for all the hard work and making us an even prouder nation this morning
sounds about right  
Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/lYi1qotXSsg?a  Doctor Who: Series 11 (Captain Marvel Style)
the fandom after hearing people (mostly mans) talking shit about captain marvel just for being the first movie from marvel with a woman as a protagonist  
Pretty excited for Captain Marvel!     
Comic book day!  is rapidly approaching, I am eager for every little bit I can get! Go out and buy the movie prelude!   
i need more captain marvel content  please
Still absolutely LOVE this poster.  
More girls reacting to our  trailer. Because ya know we deserve to see this. Goosebumps all over. 
  art          work     For Sale. 11x17 Bristol Board. Ink & Watercolor. 
‘Captain Marvel’: Kevin Feige Says Marvel Studios Is Excited to Share “A Very Different Type of Origin Story” 
You do realize that Nick Fury is the main source of exposition for these films, right? The movie is called ‘Captain Marvel’. She’s the main character. Nick’s purpose is to educate the audience who she is. Your argument is just so ridiculous. It’s a trailer!
Captain Marvel Sketch (comic + movie)      
#Venom time! Previews for #CaptainMarvel , #DarkPhoenix, #Glass, #Shazam and #IntoTheSpiderverse
 Captain Marvel with  Div 4 trophy for  reserve reserve team. Well done lads!
Well, I think you know mine....@kellysue 's Captain Marvel!  Honorable mentions: Lady Mechanika Domino She-Hulk  Zatanna Scarlett
WAIT!! Captain Marvel Bag!?? I wanna be friends now.
Captain Marvel trailer looks great. Plus they made the word HERO out of the word HER, which is literally the best thing I’ve even seen in my life. #Captainmarvel #MCU
2019 is 's year  
I'm only anticipating: Dark phoenix  Captain marvel Aladdin  Joker And one glorious dose of Stranger things. 
Captain Marvel  Photo:     comics cosplay   https://www.instagram.com/p/BoIOdCPA9wB/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1hdegkzwwiedl …
Wonder Woman is a 100x more famous and a 100x more iconic   Wonder Woman is a  A list character   Meanwhile Captain marvel is a Irrelevant C list character
Marvel Answers: Why Did Nick Fury Beep Captain Marvel? 
Marvel has released the first trailer for "Captain Marvel" 
Thor doesnt know how to ask she-hulk on a date and captain marvel is here to rescue him 
KORG! The greatest addition to the Marvel MCU right up until Captain Marvel.   KORG!!!
since i can’t afford merch i’m going to paint the captain marvel logo on my jeans uwu let’s hope i don’t fuck it up
Captain Marvel and Superman, always ready to give the other a helping hand. 
Captain Marvel ftw 
           2      infinity stone  all in one  
2019 MOVIES:  Godzilla King of Monsters Spider-Man: Far From Home Avengers 4 Shazam Wonder Woman 1984 Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel The Lion King John Wick 3 AND THE FREAKING JOKER MOVIE  2019 WHAT THE HECK DONT BE DISAPPOINTING PLS
Me... Just standing here... Waiting... for CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!    
Once again: Why do people still check for  content!? Are they THAT desperate for "news"?   was being released on November 1, 2019.  = March 8, 2019. THEY WEREN'T COMPETING! Don't ask Fake Randolph to help w/ hw. 2+2=5 in her household 
U heard  herself, . Tomorrow, .
Me @ the audience when Thor & Captain Marvel take on Thanos in Avengers 4 
Captain Marvel v9 #6 [2016] 
do you think  got to see the  movie or  before he passed away?
i keep seeing all negativity on my feed so here’s some positive things that happened the past few days   -rapunzel waved at me during paint the night last night  -i had vip seating for paint the night -i’ve been nicknamed captain marvel  -i had a cupcake for breakfast
Are you high? Captain Marvel is released in March and WW84 was November how the hell is that running away from a fight? Captain Marvel will be out on home release by July. Captain Marvel would be forgotten about by Nov’19. Dumbest thing I’ve heard all month
IQ test last week... Initials history this week... @PowerTripKFAN has been rollin some mighty good bits #captainmorgan #captainmarvel
I cannot begin to tell you how happy I am that managed to snag ’s Oversized Corps Sweater off of Nerd Herd Emporium.  I feel...Marvelous   
Every time I see the Captain Marvel trailer I get more hyped for Captain Marvel. Every time I see the Dark Phoenix trailer I...get more hyped for Captain Marvel.
  make Loki and Captain Marvel have a romance. they are perfect together. 
 my friend told me "like Captain Marvel be your own hero." I'll try for you 
Captain Marvel spoiler 
Coming in 2019, from Disney— I mean Fox. Captain Marvel— I mean Dark Phoenix. Who will save us from Skrulls— I mean Aliens— I mean Skrulls! (…?)  In Association w/ Marvel (not to be confused with Marvel Studios)  https://twitter.com/xmenmovies/status/1044935897655926784?s=21 …
Was pleasantly surprised to see Captain Marvel’s helmet pop up in the trailer. Love the look! 
Captain Marvel doesn't currently have the cultural cachet of Wonder Woman, but give it enough time and she very well might, writes Rob Bricken 
Joe Quinones movie version of his classic  cover! Been waiting so long for this movie to drop! Can’t wait for that first week in March!   
i am not what u think i am ︽✵︽       inspired makeup by MY captain   also happy  
I can't wait for #CaptainMarvel. I love @Marvel solo movies more than collective-based films (Avengers).
i already have the captain marvel one... but i'm feeling really tempted to buy this right now 
(The core group would consist of Captain Marvel, She-Hulk, the Scarlet Witch, the Wasp, dude!Hawkeye, and Captain Marvel Photon Pulsar Spectrum Monica, though other Avengers would show up when needed.)
Sorry I made y’all wait behind me to get past the theater ticket-taker, folks, but the #CaptainMarvel poster came up on the electronic screen next to him and I just had to geek out for a second.
“2 Player”     My “Low Tech” illo from earlier this week inspired me to do this new one      
We've got two authors signing from 1-2pm.  will sign a free print or his marvel books and come get a free  poster signed by !   2018  #
I’ve seen so many #CaptainMarvel cosplayers and my heart is so happy #NYCC
I need these in Men's size please!! Where oh where can I find them?  
2019 GIRL POWER        
Can’t wait!    
TFW you're about to come through and save the entire Marvel Universe.   
#CaptainMarvel is releasing on #InternationalWomensDay and if that doesn’t punch you in the feels I don’t know what will
Just watched Infinity War again last night and asdfghjkl na-excite nanaman ko sa Captain Marvel HAHAHAHAHAHAA  
We're not crying. We're not crying!!        
 inspire EVERYONE! SO glad to see the carol Corps growing and growing everyday! A LOT of new followers And yes a Lot Of Men too! Welcome sisters! Welcome brothers! Look at this  ! (spideyluc on IG)!
Sad I didn't hear anything about Jessica Drew at NYCC but still stoked that @79SemiFinalist is writing her in the first arc of #CaptainMarvel #SpiderWoman
Im a  fan for 21 yrs. You can definitely have your faves but you can never diminish one in order to put the other on a pedestal. That goes against everything my Carol ever fought for- empowerment Sure  too. In this house we don’t pit women against women
a HERo. Couldn’t resist. Had to do a  exclusive for  !!! I can’t tell y’all how much I’m looking forward to this movie. She’s def my fave avenger. I can’t wait to finally see  as her on the big screen!    
So I yelled Shazam and look who showed up, not Captain Marvel but Justin Kucsulain who plays Killroy in the upcoming Kevin Smith movie Killroy Was Here.    
Maddi asked to be a different super hero today for Super Hero Day.       
 cosplaying as 1990's Phil Coulson on the set of  .  
[ Why did the Asgardians come here? Its an empty lot] [ I dont know, youre the one playing PI ] [ Unless it was something before?] [ Or something Strange? ] [ I mean it IS really strange.. oh.. oh I hate you] [ No you dont.]   
captain marvel on her way  
“Captain Marvel” references?
8. its not you, its the captain marvel trailer 
For a long time, I thought I was the only who loved the Sentry. I have been looking for other Sentry fans for a long time. So, in February this year, I saw the Talking Supeman account. And then I found Talking Captain Marvel (now deactivated) and decided that I should...1/3
$DIS movie lineup in 2019: Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2, Lion King (live-action), Aladdin (live-action), Dumbo (live-action), and the final chapter of the new Star Wars main trilogy...$NFLX will counter with Stranger Things and Ozark.
A new fan theory argues why Captain Marvel won’t have a major role in Avengers 4 
Scott Pilgrim is on Netflix... With Captain Marvel, and Captain America!!! 
u can’t be as much of a coward as me.     im too scared to call my comic shop n tell them to put me on the subscription list for uncanny and captain marvel 
In the end, ’s story is a tale of triumph, despite all the tragedy along the way. 
the  trailer made me feel A LOT, but one image keeps standing out to me above ALL the flash-bang AWESOMENESS. Carol lovingly/confidently touching her plane (presumably before jumping into it) like old friends readying for an adventure. idk why, i just really love it 
This avengers 4/Captain marvel fan art has me a little excited, I'd love to see this fight    
Captain Marvel, one of the formidable heroines of the Marvel universe, will be getting a hero’s welcome in a new comic-book series that begins in January 
Lucky #7 of  led by  is here! This week we are talking  trailer, Joaquin Phoenix’s  the 90s horror gem  and ALOT more! Come check it out! Like/Subscribe      
Totally! Me too!
Me strolling into the movies to watch Captain Marvel with all my merch on 
 w my love    
@heyjenbartel are you going to put the captain marvel and wonder woman print in your webstore after NYCC? i'm lowkey dying to add it to my collection
dengar cerita avengers 4 bakal keluar trailer dalam bulan ni  while waiting don't forget to stream captain marvel's trailer
We're technically getting two Captain Marvel movies in 2019
Surprisingly enough I'm actually all here for what Stohl is doing with Captain Marvel. 
Jackson Bostwick Shazam custom made with a Brick Mantooth, some paint and an awesome figurestoycompany Shazam suit!      … https://www.instagram.com/p/BoJ0TKMHa75/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ia66y9czc8ds …
god im gonna have to check disneyland’s pin website every wk after christmas just in case they drop any captain marvel pins huh...
Still thinking about  & this little Captain Marvel meeting 
Logan "hot claws" howlett (leader) Wanda Pietro Rogue Beast Captain Marvel Spider-Woman
You are so beautiful and adorable, ! Can't wait to see you next year as .  
We're still not over the  trailer! Here are the biggest takeaways: 
Whatever the case, WB is being overly cautious. Whether it be due to Captain Marvel, Star Wars/Frozen or story/production concerns. It is alright to delay if they want to get it right but if they are moving cuz of the competition…then that’s just sad, really. 
venom: 4 days  into the spider-verse: 74 days  dark phoenix: 136 days  captain marvel: 158 days  a4: 214 days  far from home: 277 days
The runners-up in MARVEL's Captain Marvel cattle call.
Captain Marvel / Billy Batson:  “In my world, I fought a guy named Spider Man.   Holey moley, was he a jerk!  But the one in your world - this Peter Parker fella - looks like he and I could be friends!” 
and they say Feige is not "reactionary" and planned the universe carefully  Civil war, captain marvel & the eternals can't relate.
Captain Marvel  by   Photo by  .      
Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman join forces to deliver your donated comics to the kids at OTMH.      … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqBdgFmj_ch/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1134hp70foid4 …
When you realize Captain Marvel looks like Mountain Lady.
Not saying anything but  barely even trended compared to Captain Marvel and Fantastic Beasts 2.
Maybe it's because  are physically incapable of smiling?   do a SUPER job of smiling.       
 is going to have A LOT of competition during it's run.  Captain Marvel and Dumbo are released in March. 
captain marvel’s impact, we have to stan 
So check it out, this person has blatantly stolen my Captain Marvel logo design to sell decals of it on Etsy and refuses to take it down. Etsy isn't doing anything to help. Spread this far and wide because art theft is the worst  
lockscreen captain marvel  •fav if you like it •rt if you save it •screenshot if you use it   //syl 
gregory: old lady maggie: captain marvel 
Captain Marvel, reporting for duty  
angelaodinsdottir: Captain Marvel by Alice X. Zhang Always love Alice’s work! https://tmblr.co/Zp5qcx2cXY8Ws
SUNDAY at : Meet cosplayers  as  &  as  in her Starforce Kree suit.   If you see us feel free to say hi and get a free photo with one or both of us! Tell me your favorite comic con moment!! 
I think that the general movie going audience don’t know and realize how important the Captain Marvel movie will be for Avengers 4.  For them it will just be another solo Marvel movie.
Captain America and Captain Marvel were both in Scott Pilgrim and I’m cracking up 
The Atom, Adam Strange, Gentleman Ghost, Nightwing, Flash Barry Allen, Golden Eagle Captain Marvel
I just hope that one day, there are fans who love  as much as I love Captain Marvel. 
Getting pumped for CAPTAIN MARVEL but even more for her to become the new "Captain" of the Avengers!! Wooot. 
What about  captain marvel and Avengers 4
 cuz why not  
i love seeing captain marvel accounts downfall because of the annihilation tweets it’s cute! 
CAPTAIN MARVEL???? 
Thrilled I get to raise our 4 boys on Jodie's Doctor Who.   Next up? Captain Marvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL Will Feature A "Very Different" Type Of Origin Story According To Kevin Feige     
Bounding into Comics just linked to my Captain Marvel white feminist so I'm going to preemptively lock for a bit since that sort of site's focus usually leads to harassment.
Its funny that the SUN SENTINEL would be so naive about Wasserman Schultz. It's time they interviewed Greg Palast on how the DNC became so biased and willing to disallow voters during the primaries that they make Putin look like Captain Marvel. @jimmy_dore @Lauren_Steiner
According to Marvel Studios' Japanese site,  will officially be set in 1995   (via u/doinkies | reddit) 
in my opinion...  wonder woman > captain marvel
captain marvel #9 [2012] — (basically why carol has tony saved in her phone as: “It’s-Just-Tony-Don’t-Pick-Up”) 
Captain Marvel is a chic wena 
Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019 
CAPTAIN MARVEL, WHERE U @ 
Kevin Feige Explains The Comic Source Marvel Is Using For The Upcoming ‘Captain Marvel’ Film   
I just remembered we’re getting a Captain Marvel movie next year 
“Are you Mar-Vell?”  
Remember when The Wasp created the Avengers or when Monica Rambeau was the first black woman to lead the Avengers (and the 1st female Captain Marvel) ? Marvel robbed us, yet white women prefer to complain about the number of words Nick Fury says in the Captain Marvel trailer. 
I would kill for this guy’s job. Here let me give it a try *cracks knuckles* The Provocative Sameness Of Captain Marvel’s Trailer makes its depiction of feminine heroism as matter of fact and yet triumphant as Asta Nielsen in Hamlet, Diane Keaton in The Godfather or Working Girl
Updated promo image for   
You know who I’d love to see surface sometime with all of the Captain Marvel hype in the comics? Ultragirl AKA Tsu-Zanna. What do you say, ? Blonde Kree mutants FTW.
Know Your Multiverse: Earth 5 "Thunderworld"      
We think we've figured out how Captain Marvel will include one of Carol's other superhero identities: Warbird.  
CaPtAiN mArVeL mEmE 
remember when oomfs were thirsting over young coulson from the captain marvel trailer
   initially a , someone wants it, now it's a . Go . family  
Set to star in @Marvel's first female-fronted adventure @CaptainMarvel, and this year's @MaryQueenMovie - @Gemma_Chan on how she is busting cinematic stereotypeshttps://www.vogue.co.uk/article/gemma-chan-crazy-rich-asians?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1541004391 …
higher. further. faster.  
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR CAPTAIN MARVEL BRIE LARSON 
yeah captain marvel is cool but did y’all see??phil coulson??and his hair?? 
Captain Marvel got a job in Gotham. 
“stay til the end of the credits, Freddie is gonna page captain marvel” - my brother at the end of #BohemianRhapsody
||Captain Marvel from Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes and Captain Marvel from Ultimate Comics side by side. See? EMH CM is based on the Ultimate version. The costume, the name's of Phillip Lawson and Mahr Vehl, etc. All the same.|| 
“ moved to 2020 to avoid ” 
Uh. Great? Imma be teaming up with Captain Marvel. Soooo fuck everyone else.  and I got this. (Been rereading the comics in prep for the movie) 
And we're back! Capes on Capes podcast on  and .  &  react to the  trailer and more! 
I want to buy the Captain Marvel PRELUDE
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/IVKe5-QDZPU?a  Captain Marvel Trailer (Unfinished) (Garry's Mod) (Test)
|Remember that time Mar-Vell's son Genis fought the Sentry and (technically) won? Genis is easily the most powerful Captain Marvel and all the others are pretty damn tough, to begin with.| 
Aquaman looks amazing.  Captain Marvel looks great.  Can we please stop the fan wars for once?
OH MY GOD, IS THAT A CAPTAIN MARVEL FROCK?!!!
This week:  Which super hero movie are you excited for next?       
SOMEONE GIVE TONY'S COMICS TO @ @mstohl WRITE PLEASE  I barely begin The Life of Captain Marvel and I already know that she would write a great Tony run  please
I remain weirdly fascinated, bordering on obsession, (I can admit when I’m being weird) into the marketing and advance promotion of Captain Marvel. Mostly because Marvel and Disney usually know how to do this part really, really well... and so far CM’s build is just... weird. /1 
starkked: Captain Marvel vs. Thanos by BossLogic
Indeed!! I saw America Chavez in motion in Marvel Rising and she is a damn powerhouse like Captain Marvel!! I want to see her sooner rather than later in Live  Action!
I deleted the other tweets bc I thought you referring to Captain Marvel . Anyways, scarjo whitewashed what should’ve been a role for an Asian woman, nearly took another minority role that belonged to someone who’s transgender, and although she claims to be a supporter of the-
Captain Oscar   
 reshoots are happening and 's Agent Phil Coulson looks amazing, don't you think?    
apparently some theaters showed the captain marvel trailer before venom and the theater i went to didn’t do that i feel robbed
There's no such thing as a natural born hero! Watch Carol Danvers' journey to becoming a hero! Catch a look at the teaser poster for Marvel Studios’ "Captain Marvel", in theaters March 8, 2019! 
Comic Talk Today is BACK and I catch up on some comic-related topics including my thoughts on the Captain Marvel trailer, why you may be wrong about the Joaquin Phoenix Joker film, and of course, the Batman: Damned controversy with Lil' Wayne (drum roll) 
|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|     Wonder Woman isn’t     the most powerful DC       superhero, Captain               Marvel is.  |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|                  \ (•◡•) /                    \      /                      ---                     |   | 
CAPTAIN MARVEL: Will New Trailer Debut At Brazil Comic Con? - 
captain marvel is after TFA
2019 MCU Countdown Days  Captain Marvel ⇨ 163. Avengers 4 ⇨ 219. Spider-Man: Far From Home ⇨ 282. 
.https://ebay.to/2xvRsZs
My most anticipated film of 2019 is either “Untitled Ari Aster Movie,” UNCUT GEMS or CAPTAIN MARVEL.
 Thank you for...Captain America,Spiderman,BlackPanther,THOR,The Flash,Ironman,Fantastic 4,The Hulk,Vision,Thanos,Deadpool,Ant-Man,Gaurdians of the Galaxy,Wolverine,Luke Gage,Captain Marvel,Jessica Jones,All of the X-Men,Dr.Strange etc.  
6 hours later...I have a shirt.  Captain Marvel undershirt is done now to all the crazy detailing that’s going over top of it. So yup, you will barely see it.  . All good. Happy to movvvvvve on.  And yes, the sewing, fitting, tailoring, and trimmi…  
Carol Danvers  By       er  Carol Susan Jane Danvers is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Roy Thomas and artist …  
How you gonna forget Captain Marvel and Avengers 4..
Props to our friend  for recognizing Stan Lee!  loves the MCU and we have group movie outings planned for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4!! 
FANTASTIC FOUR #7  VARIANT COVER BY !
Hey guys! We're going to switch some things up and start stream at 8 PM EST tonight! We have something new for you guys called, The Talk Show. Come hang as we talk about the new Captain Marvel trailer, the Playstation Classic, and much more! http://www.twitch.tv/thatsrubyrod
I should do a Captain Marvel cosplay.
BOTH CAPTAIN MARVEL MOVIES COME OUT NEXT YEAR AND BOTH WILL BE HORRIBLE
Just in time for the Shazam movie, a new printing of   version of Captain Marvel! Available in February from DC Comics. 
I like Captain Marvel's armor-costume.  https://tmblr.co/Zw2K3y2dRIb1d
MY CAPTAIN MARVEL POSTER IS HERE AND ITS LITERALLY THE SIZE OF MY BED IMFNJDJFJ thanks didnt know i ordered a Blanket 
Welcome to  101. Class is already in session. 
The War of the Realms: svelato l'evento  del 2019      
It’s Monday! That means a new episode AND it’s our ONE YEAR anniversary! This week we review ⁦@howloscream⁩ and talk trailers, including #MaryPoppinsReturns, #TheGrinch, #CaptainMarvel and MORE! https://thrillgeek.simplecast.fm/episode45
Hey fellow Americans: no matter what your opinion of the state of things is, be sure to get out and  today! A great thing about our country is democracy & freedom of speech. so ! In case you weren't already convinced, have a .   
Icon & Captain Marvel’s costumes were done right on first attempts it’s rare for this to happen to superheroes.   Look at these costumes, they don’t need updating/tweaking at all they’re perfect for each respective hero. 
Completed Captain Marvel     
Anyone excited about  ? 
I’m all for more female lead films. Can’t wait for Captain Marvel. But regardless of what gender the cast is that doesn’t mean it can’t ALSO be a good movie.
All the Cosmic Secrets We Uncovered in the Stunning Captain Marvel Trailer 
Sorry  but he will allways be our captain   
“Hi. Captain Marvel of Earth, The Avengers, and The Galactic Alliance.”   > New Carol Danvers.  > Not new to RP.   > Literate.   > Crossover friendly.   > DMs for plotting.   > 18+.   > RT please? 
Iron Man Captain America Thor Scarlet Witch Quicksilver Captain Marvel Black Panther 
RIP STAN LEE    Studios  
God dammmnnn Captain Marvel coming in HOTTTTT. 
lmao 4 days after my bday CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT  i really snapped im sorry sis  
i hope captain marvel has short hair in her next movie
Captain Marvel + Nick Fury — Coming to theaters 2019  
i can't wait !!! i want to see more of her !  
 Schedule :  MAR 8, 2019  Captain Marvel. MAY 3, 2019 Avengers 4. JUL 5, 2019 Spider-Man: FFH.  MAY 1, 2020* JUL 31, 2020* NOV 6, 2020*  FEB 12, 2021 MAY 7, 2021 NOV 5, 2021  FEB 18, 2022 MAY 6, 2022 JUL 29, 2022  *Likely Black Widow, Doctor Strange 2 & The Eternals (INPO). 
I guess he'll feature in Captain Marvel too.
MARVEL Reveals & Retcons How CAPTAIN MARVEL Got Her Name And Powers - 
going to model captain marvel later at 6 am today but it's 1:34 am and i'm too nervous to sleep
'The Life of Captain Marvel' undergoes MAJOR changes, and we are here for it! FULL REVIEW: 
Captain Marvel Punching an Old Lady Has Become a Hilarious Internet Meme 
Truth be told I was pulling for  to portray Captain Marvel on the silver screen. 
me abt captain marvel 
life of captain marvel #4 went above and beyond my expectations. such rich storytelling and backstory where everything fell into place. and that particular page of new born carol just warmed my heart. I'm loving this so, so much, too bad there's only one left. thanks, @mstohl
This is impossible but ıts looks nice           
Another bit of Monica     
This week we talk about  go over  and why I loved it and finally. Comparing Villains! Batman VS the flash? Who will win! Ep. 101: Condiment...King....
There's no better than Captain Marvel/Spider-Woman
Finally finished my Captain Marvel artwork!   work ist   
Yes our very own Captain Marvel Jamie Hatfield has just completed his 100th appearance for The Borough.  Congratulations to Jamie.  Both scorers today Craig & Jamie have a combined total of 225 appearances.  There will be a presentation for both players at our next home match. 
 poster at  in Penrith, New South Wales, Australia.  Studios CinematicUniverse
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — Captain Marvel. https://curiouscat.me/mariahmaligayaa/post/694282360?1541033392 …
Happy 29th Birthday   When ever I feel low..I watch your smile  & it reflects on my face  Lots of for the Angle   
i want to be captain marvel for halloween but um.. i can' t find the costume
Every marvel fan while watching captain marvel 
MUSTERBRAND ‘s CAPTAIN MARVEL now on ShopMarvel   
For DaisyScout’s first Halloween, we pulled out the  costume that  made for BabyScout’s first Halloween! I wonder if  would appreciate it?
"Thanks for everything Stan Lee!                     #
Captain Marvel has three specialty punches.  The first is the Atomic Punch, his mightiest.  Second is the Sunday Holiday Punch, so named when he wants to send baddies on a holiday.  The last is the Airplane Punch, for when he wants to send them flying. 
I don’t know the source but this shit got me weak!     this how we reintroducing  ?! 
custom MCU  action figure in comic book colors    
thinking about how captain america and captain marvel probably first met on the set of scott pilgrim
Taylor Swift + Captain Marvel RT and comment {1,2,} and I'll dm to you  /Let *Must be following us 
Captain Marvel to be "a different type of origin story" http://bit.ly/2CPan4I
We expect the #CaptainMarvel film to tell a similar tale.
ComicCast #110 - Teailer  Teaser -  -Batman Damned #1  Link:   YouTube:         
Congratulations to our captain marvel, @Tom_Maddog on his engagement to Kim.  You are an absolutely amazing couple and we wish you all the best for the future!!    #rememberasummerweddingisbest
More  love coming later via . I’ve SO enjoyed this week of nerding out. 
FUCK IT UP CAPTAIN MARVEL
god i just remembered jessica is gonna be a 16 year old spy in Spidey and we're never gonna get her and carol being girlfriends in the Captain Marvel movies 
Big up to @yannickd_cfc aka Captain Marvel lol
going  to post the captain marvel edit in 30 minutes 
preview of life of captain marvel #4 got me all pumped. I’m so excited for next week!  @mstohl
Needed a confidence booster, so I put on my new  shirt underneath my work uniform. I also did my hair and makeup because that helps too.   Not that you can really see either. Lol 
But whose movie and comic book title has Captain Marvel? 
If the Captain Marvel soundtrack doesn't have one good, iconic absolutely positively 90's track on it I'm going to fight the Marvel execs
“THAT’S CAPTAIN MARVEL!!  She’s a pilot!  I wanna be a pilot!  We’re going to go see that in theater!  With M & M’s!  And slushies!”  -Amelia, age 6, after seeing the @captainmarvel trailer.  #CarolCorps
So the official Disney Movies website lists Jude Law as Mar-Vell in Captain Marvel, even though I thought we ruled out him being that character. 
What a way to win a game get in !! Captain marvel to the rescue @bbccumbriasport #cufc
#MCU Schedule as of 11-9-2018  Captain Marvel: 118 days * Avengers 4: 174 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 237 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Midnight.
I am still not over this  
I love me some Captain Marvel. Hope they undo the douchebag stuff they did with New 52 to him.
Our  mam now beginning battle for protect all soul as a      @KISHOR_Tri        
It’s official! To celebrate the release of her new movie,  will be landing at  for the first time ever as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes.    Studios  
Arm wrestling my old co-worker aka my bestie aka Captain Marvel...she won of course...I did give her all my strong ya know...    
It’ll say it after Captain Marvel
Supergirl can smile. Why can't Captain Marvel?   
Great both Shadowhunters 3B and Captain Marvel then A4 drop right im time for my birthday, and I will still lose all my fav characters at the end of them
1. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 2. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 3. Superman 4. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 5. She-Hulk 6. Mr. Fantastic 7. Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) 8. Iron Man (Tong Stark) 9. Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 10. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 
'Costume Weirdness' in Captain Marvel #1 by Kelly Thompson, Carmen Carnero and Tamra Bonvillain Launching in January 
Maybe that old lady on the subway told Captain Marvel to smile
2019 Movies To Look Forward To:  - Into The Spider Verse (late 2018 - early 2019) - Captain Marvel - Dark Phoenix - Toy Story 4 - Now You See Me 3 (unconfirmed) - Avengers 4 - How To Train Your Dragon 3 - Men In Black - Far From Home - Shrek 5
 will at Comic Con Revolution - West Palm Beach, March 2nd & 3rd, at the Palm Beach County Convention Center. Info:        19     
 sure looks interesting and I’m pretty excited for it. I’m all for introducing new characters to the MCU and I cannot wait to see what role she plays in Avengers 4.
Good Artist. Have a look at their art.             
 The best cameo ever, and I cant imagine when Captain Marvel will be released for global, or maybe including The Avenger sequel. Thats, the last time we'll watch his last scenes on theater  
Life of Captain Marvel Explains Carol Danvers' Brand-New Origin Story    
AMAZING stream returning to body art! $200 in donos and dove into trying out a comic style with  body paint! Thanks friends for the love! 
Ir a ver captain marvel siono
Thers is no Spiderman There is no hulk There is no Black Widow There is no Iron Man There is no Black Panther There is no Silver Surfer There is no Magneto There is no Thor There is no Captain Marvel   if there is no Stan Lee. RIP Stan Lee "The Real Hero"  #StanLeeForever
I NEED MORE CAPTAIN MARVEL CONTENT
i dont recall captain marvel punchin a granny in the trailer but i guess she did LMAO
sometimes i lay in bed at night thinking about just how much money Captain Marvel is gonna make at the box office
Fight like a girl!  BE THE BEST YOU CAN BE!  
captain marvel #3 [2014] 
So proud and humbled to be involved doing a story of the upcoming  movie. It was a blast collaborating with the awesome . I learned a lot from making this my first comic gig!
can we get some spidey/a4/captain marvel/chaos walking content soon i’m literally so bored
You Should've gone for the head !!!          er  comics        works studios   
my heart, my soul  
there are 3 types of marvel stans 1. twitter stans with weird kinks 2. casual fans 3. white guys who hate captain marvel and call every female character feminist propoganda
- Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel - Halloween SPOOKTACULAR #1 
Annihilationがタイトルだと報じたJeremyはCaptain Marvelのトレーラーに関して正しい情報をシェアしてて、過去の記事からも割と信頼出来るソースなんだけど、昨日のJimmy Fallonとラファロのインタビュー見てたら全部PRの一環としか思えない
Wearing Wonder Woman socks and captain marvel sneakers bc in this house we support both powerful female superheroes
It's official!  takes place in 1995.  Read about the latest update   
Earth’s Mightiest Hero    
Our #CaptainMarvel trailer is breaking records already and Corps.. believe me. We haven’t seen NOTHING yet. It really introduced people to Carol.. to what’s going on with her. We had a liltte taste of action, we didn’t see her sarcastic humor and A LOT OF THINGS. WAIT AND SEE ;)
NEW PINNED on my Captain Marvel please RT  
Hoping that 'Captain Marvel' is just 2 plus hours of her punching random people and saying "Sorry, thought you were a Skrull."
Me waiting for Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Far From Home, and Agents of Shield S6  
Great result  Started slow  Incredible 2nd half display  captain marvel MOTM  10 in a row  Great to see Wengerball/EmeryBall on the great mans Birthday 
The future is female. The future is now.     
Clark Gregg on the set of Captain Marvel     
I love how Black Panther and Captain Marvel seem so unique/separate from the MCU but within the MCU. I love the Captain Marvel teaser sooooo much. lol
 time! Art by  | Colors by me!     
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer
Crystal Keep  55 also on iTunes & Spotify! Movie & Gaming  + Recommendations! VOD on our Youtube!        -Audio -
While the Sexual Predator takes a pee break, I watched the Dark Phoenix trailer again, the Captain Marvel trailer AND the No Man's Land scene from Wonder Woman (2017).   That's how you get hype.  I'm ready.  Let's burn it down, ladies.  @KamalaHarris you should try this.
anyways, CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL BE RELEASED ON MARCH 8th 2019!! 
Apparently Samus is Captain Marvel, our mistake 
CAPTAIN MARVEL, IRONMAN, SPIDERMAN, BLACK WIDOW, OKOYE, WASP
Infinity War’s Captain Marvel Nod Could Have Looked Different 
‘Captain Marvel’ additional photography now underway 
This week's teaching on Shots in the Dark   
Check out this Marvel's exclusive merch for NYCC! Marvel’s  pager t-shirt! 
Will the #Avengers4 trailer feature #CaptainMarvel?
yall know how people always got excited when a stan lee cameo appeared in a movie and you could actually tell bc people inside the cinema clapped or yelled a little or made noises??? imagine the reactions for his captain marvel and a4 cameo,,,,, 
MCU Theory: Falcon and Bucky Are BOTH The New Captain America  i am telling you now neither of them will be Captain America on big screen .. there won't  be Cap on big screen post Avengers 4 only one Captain that is Captain Marvel .
Photon.      
Stan Lee was such a cool dude. A nice man in general & truly a purveyor of creativity.  Studios  
Congratulations to the new face of Air Force recruiting.  
#CaptainMarvel will at least be a $1 billion movie...
I’ve already decided Ariahs gonna be captain marvel next Halloween
The applause for Stan Lee's cameo in Captain Marvel will be deafening. He probably filmed cameos for Avengers 4 and the second Spider-Man movie too. Can't wait to see that
Forever late to the party, but still over the moon about the  so I did a little sketch of my own    
 fan rearranges the trailer in chronological order: 
Wow the new  trailer looks AMAZING. Here’s a look back at some of my favorite covers of Carol — 
Alright I’m hyper for Captain Marvel. Been watching the trailer on repeat 
I made u fanart of u, ur captain marvel but strawburry17 style 
IT'S HAPPENING!  
Captain Marvel Is Key To Avengers 4  https://goo.gl/Ne2NTb
Had to RT because this is the best praise I could have imagined!   
I expect to see only Iron-man, Cap, Hulk, Captain Marvel and Thor vs Thanos at some point in the movie.
the captain marvel trailer played before venom came on and screamed and i freakin cried. dont @ me.. i
Iron Man and Thor have been my favorite superheroes for a long time now, but I think once I see her movie, Captain Marvel will be my new favorite superhero.
so they’re gonna have a captain marvel meet & greet at disney starting next year so if anyone has a spare $500 laying around :)
Enough is Enough: Stop Photoshopping Smiles Onto   
Early next year and for a limited time,  guests will have the opportunity to encounter Captain Marvel herself!!   will join an already-epic lineup… https://www.instagram.com/aperkydisgirl87/p/BqQeEh0HJyc/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=c8kpu91kemt0 …
Don't miss  in the premiere of ": Secret Warriors" on September 30 at 10pm, only on  and !
I can't wait for Captain Marvel's movie: 
From the other night, when  and I saw Bohemian Rhapsody. I’m DYING to see this! Higher, Further, Faster, More!!! Yeah Carol! Let’s do this!  
they just played the captain marvel trailer.......... 
Hey  are you a bad guy in ? If yes, say nothing  
This is so weird looking back on old comic book covers that we've made.           art       4     
1. They have no resemblance outside of gender 2. Captain Marvel been planned before WW movie was a thing 3. CM is needed to defeated Thanos  Just stop talking. 
y’all ever think about how chris evans watched the captain marvel trailer and when mckenna came on he would have smiled so hard and his eyes would’ve lit up like WOW the man has always been so whipped for that girl
The  made it in time for Day 2 at     
This was at the end of the MCU Marvel's Captain Marvel prelude comic. It's a preview for the Avengers 4 prelude comic. "To find out how Tony Stark disappeared and what's happening in Wakanda" Interesting. 
Showed my God-niece photos of me as Captain Marvel for Halloween: "You look exactly like her!"  CORRECT, TINY GOD NIECE. NICELY DONE.
 as kismet and  as darkstar one from the guardians of the galaxy and the other from the X-men universe           
should i fuck school& finish this captain marvel edit or do my tHeSiS????
im so ready for spiderman into the spider-verse, captain marvel, loki's serie but hell nah avengers 4
If  Stan lee appears in captain marvel or Spider-Man, I’m fs going to cry.
Ep96 is full of Trailers! We break down the latest    and a Star Wars anime trailer by   this was a fun episode and it features the return of Britta. Join us    
WHOA I’m on this best   list as .  Thanks ! Can’t believe I didn’t run into this amazing rule63 Tony. 
@ManaByte any rumblings of a Robert Redford cameo in #CaptainMarvel ?
@captainmarvel looks like an awful idea! @MarvelStudios
6. if you have ever said that captain marvel doesn't deserve to kill thanos, shouldn't be that powerful, or blah blah blah.  you annoy me entirely or annoyed me a lot when i read your tweet and i still hold a tiny grudge
Who is pumped for  to make her debut in the MCU?  Captain Marvel 5"x7"  and   Matted $150.00 
Announcement: captain Marvel will kill Thanos . Look it up
Oh shit! Then it's not even a fight it's gonna be a beat down. Wonder Woman and Super Girl with fuck Captain Marvel and Jean Grey the fuck up.
I searched Captain Marvel on YouTube and D&C wasn't even in the 1st 100 results.   It's almost as if YouTube's search algorithm is catering to Jose's habit of watching D&C videos on 30 simultaneous windows like that Adrian Veidt scene in Watchmen. 
And captain marvel
Woot woot! Super women!  
You did it all..  infinitywar  4             studios       
Hye November! Please be nice with us. 2 months left before 2019. Wait whattt. Cant wait for captain marvel.
Captain Marvel's Trailer Hides Her MCU Origin In Plain Sight http://youtu.be/VLCbjw3DZgQ?a
Just letting everyone know, before his passing, Stan Lee shot his cameos for Avengers 4, Captain Marvel and Spider-Man: Far From Home
Stan Lee Filmed Cameos for 'Avengers 4' and 'Captain Marvel' 
Kamala Khan aka Ms. Marvel voiced by  – a devoted fan of Super Heroes, especially of her mentor Captain Marvel; she is determined that she too can be a great hero! If only she’d be taken seriously. 
First look at Captain America scale armor for Avengers 4.     
Get to know Captain Marvel from Marvel Rising! | Earth's Mightiest Show Bonus  https://youtu.be/t7k6WqxLIpw  via @YouTube
Maybe because men were considered superior and they believe male superheroes will help gain more widely recognizable. We now have Captain Marvel, Wonder woman and so on
Captain Marvel Meet & Greet to Debut During 2019 Marvel Day at Sea Cruises http://bit.ly/2zeKNmh
:  Trailer - The first look at the next Marvel movie is here! 
RIP the real captain marvel, Stan Lee
Just realized #ClarkGregg will be in Captain Marvel.  Duh, me...
I CANNOT HANDLE THIS MUCH EMOTION FROM A CAPTAIN MARVEL, I WASN'T READY, It's new and foreign to me   
My new favorite subgenre of Facebook comment is people who haven’t read a Marvel comic since 1980 suddenly becoming VERY concerned that Captain Marvel is a woman 
That moment you realize that next year we're getting:  March: Captain Marvel  April: Game of Thrones  May: Infinity War 2 July: Spiderman Far From Home 
Take Catwoman for example, she's a solid character (anti-hero) & her standalone movie would have been great, but the script and maybe acting was a bit off. Personally though, I think she deserves a 2nd chance. That's why I'm happy with the Captain Marvel movie. Another female
Avengers & Captain Marvel thevaiyaa ippo  They are all 7000+ Cr Grossers Da...  Don’t spoil the Dignity.. 
Captain Marvel - March 8th Shazam - April 5th Avengers 4 - April 26th Aladdin - May 24th Spider-Man: Far From Home - July 5th The Lion King - July 19th Star Wars: Episode IX - December 20th
2019 is gonna be huge for film/TV  Super stoked - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Game of Thrones finale season  - Lion King remake  - It Part 2 - Star Wars IX - Toy Story 4 - Zombieland 2  - Terminator 6
She is perfect  
Captain Marvel TV Spot Teases The MCU's Most Powerful Hero - We Got This Covered 
Supposedly Disneyland Paris is going to be the first to get Captain Marvel as a face character so that's now my dream job cuz I'd get to see my girlfriend every day (in this context my girlfriend is not Carol, but in fact the life size dragon that lives under the castle)
 Trailer Reach 1M likes within 7 days..    Now, it's a 3rd Hollywood Film Trailer Reach 1M likes behind only   & 
 released today 's comics prequel and it gave us some interesting info about what happened with Fury and Hill before and during Infinity War. Check out the thread:
Why Nick Fury Waited to Call Captain Marvel Until AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Revealed! 
Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8  lewat @YouTube
Higher, Further, Faster, More.   
the captain marvel trailer was so cool, when it transitioned from "her" into "a hero" i frickin mclost it  i cant wait 2 watch
Pleas Don't Call the 800 Number in the New  Photo  
Why Nick Fury Waited So Lengthy To Name Captain Marvel 
Captain marvel blekhhhh
There's a RUMOR that there's no Hawkeye or Hulk in the first teaser. Banner yes, but you don't  see anyone dusted or anything you didn't see in Infinity War; except for Scott Lang and maybe Captain Marvel. 
Admitting  isn't  in many ways is a concession. The reality is the  died when  Comics closed, after that, all of what has been done are interpretations and approachs to the original character, this is the painful truth.
For the first time in my life i can't wait for women's day  
Much more often than not, the original Captain Marvel and Billy Batson were clearly established as separate entities, but that's not to say there were no inconsistencies.  In a few cases, Billy Batson has considered himself and Captain Marvel to be the same person. 
I was watching how powerful captain marvel is , my head started hurting and I couldn’t get up 
Carol's the key! #Avengers4 #MCU #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2OCyZjw
I'm a lifelong geek, who writes about geeky things for a living, but I'm still not so jaded that when I go to a movie theater and see a poster for a Miles Morales Spider-Man movie right next to a Captain Marvel movie, I still gotta take a second and go "is this real life?" 
Semana en tráilers: Captain Marvel, Joker, Halloween, First Man, Beautiful Boy, Beale Street, Girl in the Spider’s Web 
on @YouTube: Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi https://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk
Marvel Studios Website Officially Reveals What Year CAPTAIN MARVEL Takes Place 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/hrph9Jem4a8?a  Captain Marvel PRELUDE and Avengers 4 Trailer RELEASE date (தமிழ்)
i'm so excited for captain marvel
It's going to be Avengers"Assemble.  Think about it.  That's the catchphrase of the Avengers and it has never been said.  But this next movie would have all the big names +Captain marvel and black panther. Even GOTG.  So basically. All Avengers are assembled.  Avengers:Assemble.
This is why I am perfectly fine seeing  be pushed back for a better slot.   We have no shortage of great Comic Book movies coming out.        
Finally watched ant-man and the wasp today ...ion know much about captain marvel but she better fix this shit..nick fury called her for a reason
R.I.P Stan Lee   Studios          
Honestly, how awesome is  ?! Season 2 will come in 2019.                 
I have a pitch! I call it "Captain Marvel's Days of Christmas" which would be a one-shot series. each one involving Billy improving someones Christmas.
I keep watching the captain marvel trailer over and over again because I’m so exicted for the movie and it gives me goosebumps everytime UGH CAROL COME SOONER
Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Doctor Strange 2  *Inhale & exhale*  JUST TAKE ALL MY DAMN MONEY I WON'T REGRET IT,I CAN'T CALM MY ASS DOWN SKSJDJSK
i just realized the captain marvel trailer came out like 2 months ago. time flies 
Alternate version. Didn’t post this yesterday because the colors came out WAY too similar to my Okoye piece, but what the hell. I like it.  is gonna be  
Thread re: "Capt. Billy's Whiz Bang." How a midwestern veteran's post-WWI bawdy humor mag—named after an incoming artillery shell—paved the way for clean-cut characters like Billy Batson and Captain Marvel. ("SHAZAM!") 
Kirby = Captain Marvel
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER THE CAROL DANVERS CONTENT I DEAERVE
captain marvel in 129 days. avengers 4 in 178 days.  Oh my God.
Anyone has a time travelling machine? I want to get to next year already.  can't come soon enough!
Shazham! Robotnik tries the Captain Marbot, based on ‘Captain Marvel’ comics, from Archie’s ‘Sonic The Hedgehog’ Issue #8.  
You inspired me every single day and you always support us to be whatever we wanna be. Thanks for all and for being Captain Marvel in the screens. Made our dream.   Happy bday Mama! 
Hope his Cameo for captain marvel and avengers 4 is already shot   
Theyre both the "real" Captain Marvel.
WE are LIVE on another edition of Talkin' Tuong with special guest  talkin' about     and  https://www.facebook.com/podcavern/?ref=bookmarks …pic.twitter.com/k8gsOyUwH2
Huge Congrats  on your  win for  ! So lovely to meet you and so well deserved. All the very best with your upcoming adventures!   
ooh! I finally saw the aquaman, captain marvel, and full spider-verse trailers too!! Aquaman looks actually very cute, I am excited to see Carol do some punches, and THE SPIDERS-MEN ARE GOING TO MAKE ME CRY SO MUCH
Why do you even post such rude posts in the first place when Stan Lee is a respected figure. Hope they recast Captain Marvel. 
Just got  on  Up next:  on DVD.   
Monday they say.
#SarkarTeaser 4 Hours YouTube Record   9M Views & 988K Likes.   Blast All Existing Record's both Hollywood (Captain Marvel)
Matt Fraction/David Aja/Annie Wu's Hawkeye Marjorie Liu's Black Widow Kelly Sue DeConnick's Captain Marvel Fantastic Four (Fraction/Bagley/Allred) Bitch Planet Sex Criminals Hawkeye: Blindspot And that's just what I can think of off the top of my head. 
Here comes a change, we’re coming of age, this is not a phase... here comes a change.   
Hold up now...captain marvel...Shazam?
139 Days until Captain Marvel.   195 Days until Avengers 4.   258 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 
COME THRU CAPTAIN MARVEL! They truly handled what’s got to be the scariest work incident of my life. I NEED names because I NEED to thank these wonderful women in person.   Hey  your kind heart is showing...and it’s beautiful.
Let’s all deliver a pulse pounding standing ovation when Stan cameos in Captain Marvel, k? 
Captain Marvel fanart   
I’m late but happy halloween y’all, it’s ya boi Captain Marvel 
Really looking forward to Marvel's Captain Marvel! The trailer was pretty cool. But a question for Marvel fans. Is Captain Marvel really going to be more powerful than Thor in the movies? I keep reading that but I have a hard time believing it. 
This meme made me a little sad. Honestly.          
With artist Gene Colan:  Captain Marvel, (Mar-Vell, the male Captain Marvel)  Marvel Super-Heroes #12 (December, 1967) 
An official Disney website has finally confirmed that Captain Marvel is set in 1995. Until now, it had only been confirmed that this film was set in the 1990s; this gives a first concrete sense of where Captain Marvel should be placed in the MCU timeline…  
Is the  really immortal? Read this issue to find out... Immortal Hulk #8 | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via        
Between this, Captain Marvel, Black Widow and Bumblebee, it might just be a good year or so for female led action movies. 
what if we watch captain marvel in the 90s then the end credit is her getting the call. then it fades and we think we will get an epic scene or whatever for the next scene. then we see her standing there and then she fades away as she tries to go and help
 composer, and the first woman chosen to score a high-profile, live-action, superhero movie, Pinar Toprak joins the conversation as part of The Composer Roundtable presented by  at   
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! You and mini  (Anna) are almost exactly 20 years apart (she turned 9 last week)! We hope you have a stellar day    
For my money, the Batman: Brave and the Bold version of Billy Batson (and Captain Marvel) would get that honor.
Captain Marvel Weird Trailer REACTION | with BROTHER: http://youtu.be/FUD3DEvhJJY?a  via @YouTube
What I want for the DVD release or 3-minute long post credits scene/playing during the credits is a recreation of a 90's Power Pop song that feels like Captain Marvel. Like Levi & cast in supersuits recreating the Buddy Holly by Weezer or Friends of P music video
It’s already November. That means we’re that much closer to 2019. Which means we’re that much closer to  & 
After such a  experience with #crimesofgrindewald I am worried about the other movies I’m excited about. It never occurred to me #CaptainMarvel or  #Avengers4 would be lacking, but I never though they’d ride the wizarding world off the rails, either.
   THE MUSIC IN THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER IS “LUMINOUS AND UNSTOPPABLE” COMPOSED BY ‘ALEXANDER DMITRIYEVICH’ 
It is now confirmed that CAPTAIN MARVEL will be set in the year 1995!   
captain marvel hasn't even been released yet but she already gets attacked for breathing 
captain marvel previews also came on & I told my queen she doesn’t have to worry about me taking her to see it. she gonna say “it’s cuz a female is the lead?”. I love a smart queen.
Forthcoming 2019 MOVIES              
Finally got them! Really need a local comic store near me, geeze! Time to get my read on!    
Happy birthday to the MCU's , !
THE NEXT BEST PICTURE PODCAST: Episode 109 - NYFF, Current Oscar Predictions & The “Stan And Ollie” Trailer w/ ,  &    Listen Here -         
Sometimes I just think to myself; "Wow...Doctor Fate exists in the same world as all these awesome heroes. Heroes like: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Etrigan, Constantine, The Green Lanterns, Zatanna, Captain Marvel, Martian Mnahunter, The Flash, The Green Arrow and much more!
If you believe Feige was going to do Namor without DC doing Aquaman you need to wake up. He wasn't going to ever do captain Marvel without WW being successful either. With that said.   DC would've never done an expanded universe if it wasn't for Avengers.    It goes both ways.
Rereading  before the movie comes out, and ... this is amazing. 
I'm very much in the Emily Blunt camp on this one, but hey, let's see what Captain Marvel can do!
Captain Marvel Prelude comic proves Carol Danvers is not to be messed with 
captain marvel miles morales hayley atwell sebastian stan harry styles 
 : Pinar Toprak hopes that gender was not a factor in scoring : "Before this film, I scored 40 feature films. I've been in this town for 20 years... I've been studying music since I was four years old"  …
Spotted!   and the HAA hat rooting for the  at the !  Champs  
Toy Story 4 Dumbo Aladdin  Captain Marvel  2019 I can’t wait
"Zoe, you need to write some clickbait for Captain Marvel."   "Why?"   "Because that's the world we're in."   "Seriously? Can't we just watch a popcorn movie?"  "We need ad revenue. Poke the Goddamn bear. FIND. SOMETHING. Bait them."   *sigh*  "On your desk in the morning." 
ALL-NEW  talking , , ,  and  (the movie) is now available on the  podcast channel! Find us on , ,  or wherever you pod.
Captain Marvel Goes Mad Max With Carnero's New Costume Designs https://buff.ly/2PILjnN
Captain Marvel  by @armoredheartcosplay  Photo by  .  cosplay      
Want your very own exclusive  pin? Drop by the  booth! (Booth #1736) 
Ewan McGregor would make a sweet Black Mask. Jude Law was always my choice before he joined Captain Marvel, but McGregor is just as good a pick.
Wait, we have to wait until March for Captain Marvel??
jihyo as captain marvel for halloween party pls
New #WeeklyPlanetPod & so much Red Hot Comic Book Movie News!  Two mates talking trailers for Captain Marvel & Daredevil plus first looks at The Joker but also Batman's Batdong | All in? Have fun with it: http://bit.ly/TWPodcast253
           https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo2jpP9Bt3v/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=9mf5n39eps52 …
I watched @MckennaGraceful in #thebadseed on #lifetime a few weeks ago and thought “this girl is going big places.” Just realized she’s on young Sheldon, haunting of hill house and she’ll be young Captain Marvel. This girl is amazing.
there’s only 129 days left until captain marvel 
and a romance between loki and captain marvel 
A very happy birthday to our captain Lewis Montrose who turns 30 today!  
captain marvel heart reaction memes to satisfy your needs 
"I'm taking the damn name."        
why is there captain marvel slander on my timeline again what did i tell you broke bitches 
Captain Marvel To Appear at Disney’s California Adventure 
For the record, Captain Marvel was Shazam original name so to everyone that corrected me by saying “SHE” after avengers...   I knew I won’t crazy.
Yes I’m gonna burn out my Netflix watching this till captain marvel/A4
@j_t_starwars Preaching The Truth About #CaptainMarvel on  @GeeksGamersCom Checkout The Vidhttps://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54
if captain marvel is associated with the Quantum realm then...she could’ve probably got Scott outta of there with the rumored people who are in there too, (Bucky T’Challa, sam, Wanda etc)
A concept: Loki, Scarlet Witch, Bucky, Falcon, Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, and Spider-Man as the new Avengers.
i miss the captain marvel hype
disney’s really releasing  captain marvel dumbo avengers 4 aladdin toy story 4 the lion king frozen 2 star wars episode 9  all in the same year ... 2019’s about to be amazing
You forgot Avengers??? Captain Marvel??? 
Fucking sick of every time there’s new #CaptainMarvel news, you get dozens of insecure bros wringing their hands over “concerns” that she might be too OP or a Mary Sue.   Guarantee if it was Mar-Vell and not Carol, these dummies would be pissing with excitement.
I 100% agree. I strongly believe some MCU fans need the same wake-up call though. We all just want the same thing and not one side is better than the other. The Captain Marvel trailer was filled with comments about how it was gonna kill Wonder Woman. Why can't we have both? 
Are you people gonna rewatch the entire MCU again when Captain Marvel/Avengers 4 is released?
AoS cast gonna look so hot and proud on the Captain Marvel red carpet in March. AoS is really the gift that keeps on giving.
It Chapter 2 Stranger Things season 3 Avengers 4 Spider-man far from home 13rw season 3 Suicide Squad 2 Wonder Woman 2 Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Star Wars Chapter IX Frozen 2 Game of Thrones season 8  2019 va a ser un buen año
My 4 yr old is really hyped to watch Godzilla: King of Monsters and Captain Marvel next year.   I'm hoping there'll be some cool  bedding to complete her bedroom.
Going to post a picture/gif of Captain Marvel related content every day to count down to the film
Mr. marvel & Captain Marvel watercolour sketch on sketch cover. These girls are always fun to draw!              
Sometimes, writing words of encouragement in your costumes is needed. HELL YA .   
She-Hulk, Captain America (Steve Rogers), Doctor Strange, Iron Man, Thor, Captain Marvel, Black Panther & Ghost Rider (Roberto Reyes) (Avengers vol.8 #10 variant cover) Art by David Finch (MARVEL COMICS - January, 2019) 
Captain Marvel Will Take Place In 1995 
1. Captain Marvel comes out March 8, 2019....WW84 was originally set for November 2019  2. That’s not “more than a year away”. That’s 7 moths, way less than a year 
People are so shocked that Avengers 4 is 5 years after 3? I mean, its no secret that there will be time travel shenanigans in the film (and the casting of a teenage version of Scott Lang's daughter).  But is it gonna take 5 years for Captain Marvel to show up?
I’m sorry I know it’s late but Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Aladdin, Toy Story 4,  The Lion King, Jungle Cruise, and Frozen 2 ALL COME OUT NEXT YEAR and my Disney loving soul is just so damn excited
Things that will get me through the first half of next year   Kingdom hearts (January)  Captain Marvel (March)  Game of Thrones (April)  Avengers 4 (May)  The possibility of a kendrick album
Everytime you tweet i get emotional lol i can't wait til March...... #excitedmuch#Marvel#stanlee#captainmarvel
Secret Invasion: When it appears that her old arch-enemy has returned, Captain Marvel goes off on her own to take care of her. Not all shape-shifters are the same, though, and Carol soon finds herself fighting against an unexpected alien threat.
people who say black panther was only successful bc it has a black cast and say that captain marvel will only do good bc she’s a female are weak and won’t survive the winter
The  trailer is here — and these are Carol Danvers' outfits, ranked by lesbianism.  
Let me get this straight, in 2019 I’ll have Yakusoku no Neverland, Fruits Basket, Infinity Train, How To Train Your Dragon 3, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2, Star Wars episode 9
i can’t wait to watch Captain Marvel in 138 days
#ICYMI - Captain Marvel Coming To Disney California Adventure https://buff.ly/2Q4MSLW
loving the new captain marvel poster 
Captain Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 
One of the best things that I saw in my entire life is that moment. In this photo I see an incredible woman winning the prize that she deserve. I hope see you again winning an oscar one day and I can’t wait to meet Captain Marvel  
Captain marvel first trailer mixed with  ffh content 
My voice is shot, but we still got the podcast up! Hear some news featuring @ladisputeband/@TheOfficialA7X/@handslikehouses/@midtown/@shook_ones/@DebtNeglector and...@captainmarvel? Hell yea, episode 13 of #TheLeadIn only from @jabberjmedia! https://jabberjaw.show/theleadin
hopefully aquaman promo, avengers 4 trailer and captain marvel promo later on will spark something in me
hello! let's be mutuals!! rt or like if you stan:  - valkyrie - captain marvel - thor  - doctor strange - loki  - steve rogers  - tony stark - the ENTIRE cast of black panther - peter parker - basically all of mcu characters and cast
Reminder that we are TRULY gonna be fed in 2019 and get:   Avengers IW 2 Captain Marvel Toy Story 4  It 2 Dumbo The Lion King Aladdin Spider-Man: Far From Home  How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World Frozen 2  Zombieland 2
: THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #3 (OF 5)   3/5   
can’t stop watching captain marvel stuff she is so hot, rich and powerful she’s destroying me and i’m absolutely ok with it 
you know i used to try to add a witty joke with my art posts. but im a lil out of practice sooo....help me out and just imagine i said something funny.  
Remember when Scott Pilgrim dated Captain Marvel, and then dated Huntress, who previously dated Captain America and Superman 
DeConnick's  is iconic.  
This Rogue/Captain Marvel meme that's been going around is a perfect representation of Disney getting the X-Men back and them absorbing all of the life from the Avengers.
Catch up with Venom, Aquaman, Captain Marvel and Sabrina Spellman at the   digital comics sale. https://www.polygon.com/deals/2018/10/4/17937694/nycc-2018-digital-comics-sale-comixology-amazon-dc-marvel-venom-sabrina?utm_campaign=polygon&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …pic.twitter.com/b31t5qH9sa
Mar-Vell, Captain Marvel, first appeared in Marvel Super-Heroes #12 (October 10, 1967). 
Captain Marvel inspired makeup.  
Just thankful that the Carol Corps got these two incredible writers, I can't Imagine Carol without  and  Thank you endlessly for bringing me so much joy while I read the comics and now we get to see our hero on the big screen, what a dream!   
It’s almost time!  Get ready for Black Friday and the amazing sales!                
Captain Marvel’s definitely the person we’ve been asked to cover the most and the one I’ve been most excited to chat about so, here she is! Here we come a’CAROL-ing!   
She's coming bitches. Whether you like it or not.       
SOMEONE ANYONE EVEN JESSICA PROTECT THIS CHILD      
 shared this print on his FB Page, looks like he’s bringing it to !                
131 days until Captain Marvel  187 days until Avengers 4  250 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, Whazzup? 
I think that new chick playing Captain Marvel lost her marbles. Or something like that. Hahaha...
Our character profile for  Destructor, an old enemy of  back when she was , has been edited and updated. 
There have been good and bad X-Films over the decades, but there’s a reason it has continued to thrive and millions of people watch them. Dark Phoenix may be the or worst movie, but it will certainly get more hype than Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel, bc it’s the X-Men 
It goes without saying but imma say it anyway: Captain Marvel takes place in the nineties so there HAS to be at least one Smash Mouth track on the soundtrack that’s just the law
We are so into the  trailer, y'all: 
— Inktober Day 3: Venomized Captain Marvel —  My first thought was “venom mohawk” lmao  I was so nervous to do this bc I wasn’t sure if I could pull off a dynamic pose & the coloring but god I’m proud of it now that I finished it  2018
Captain marvel "So tell me about about this Cheetah Woman you had beef with"  Wonder Woman "Only if you tell me how you are going to defeat that giant purple talking ballsack" 
January solicits! Captain Marvel #1 by ,  & me. 30 pages and variant covers by    + movie variant. I mean... wow, I feel sooooo lucky 
holy fucking shit i just found out an argentinian actor is gonna be in the captain marvel movie wtffff i met him years ago!! i have a pic with him ahsjfkgkg now i can say i met someone from the marvel cast lmaoo
Disney is going to have an impressive year next year all of the movies will accumulate over $600,000,000 at the box office.  Dumbo Aladdin The Lion King Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Avengers 4  Star Wars Episode 9
With The Shapeshifting Skrull being (one of?) the villain of #CaptainMarvel movie, the possibility of Plot-Twist is endless. Anyone can be the skrull including Captain Marvel
OZChris Eats The Universe NOW! Episode 3 - Captain Marvel Toast https://youtu.be/rvY7HTn-Hkc  via @YouTube
Hmm...and what blockbuster have you started in? I'll wait
Bro - they’re just about to pull @captainmarvel too.
I know I ask a lot of Marvel, but please, if you can give my gay and desperate heart one small thing, give me Captain Marvel wielding Stormbreaker
Funny how one of the sites to publicly call me a LIAR about the Avengers 4 title are now claiming it's correct, but trying to say that I didn't break it. Just like he called me a liar over the Captain Marvel trailer date, when that was correct too. 
If anything they ARE backing off Star Wars like they’ve done before. And Frozen won’t be a slouch at the box office either.  and  we’re coming out 8 months apart. The hell is she on about....
im actually so sad thinking about the fact that mr stan lee won’t get to watch the final version of avengers 4 or captain marvel and spider-man: far from home :(((((((( fucK 
#AuthorConfession D24  Logan and Casey have never seen a movie. I think they'd both be really excited about the recent Captain Marvel trailer and I can see them rewatching Black Panther on Netflix 100x.
I'm a little bit in love with Monica's Captain Marvel pumpkin. Who else is going to make some so we can have a whole army of superhero pumpkins?! 
I put out 5 videos yesterday. ,  and more! They're actually getting better. I do edited videos and then off the dome ones. Still no views. Oh well! Today's a day for writing and putting out two videos!
I think Captain Marvel is going to be set in 1998. That way its 10 years before MCU's birth with IM1. And we're getting it after a decade of MCU.
Get ready for some major departures form the comic books  
Waiting for the Avengers 4 , Captain Marvel , Spiderman ffh , ST season 3 , GOT season 8 , Fantastic Beasts 2 , Awae season 3 ,  KOA novel my life is just an endless loop of waiting for my fav things to release
Hear the whole fight and more on our NEW Episode! Podbean:   iTunes:   Spotify:           
A new doctor who trailer AND a captain marvel trailer? What about trailers with MEN IN THEM. We've only been represented in EVERYTHING, ALL THE TIME FOREVER, and this week PROVES that we are BEING ERASED.
two days ago we were still sad miserable and dead inside, and now we have captain marvel and loki series to look forward to bless 
Yeah it's okay, I'll laugh at Captain Marvel and it's one note actor so we'll both me having fun. 
the fact that that scene in the captain marvel trailer can be read three ways:  1. discover what makes her  2. discover what makes a hero  3. discover what makes her a hero  ...not to be that guy but. poetic cinema™
So Captain Marvel zapped him right between the eyes.  Rest in peace Stan. Excelsior. 
SO I'm guessing the ''Avengers: Mark, You're Fired'' (A4:MYF) is off the table, dangit, it had a catchiness to it. Annihilation is one people have been guessing. Reassembled it to literal. They gotta release it soon, the Russo's said after Captain Marvel trailer they'd say
i refuse to say avengers 4 takes place 5 years after infinity war. why the fuck would it take captain marvel five whole years to get to earth?? the avengers aren’t just gonna be sitting ducks all that time. they’re not gonna ignore what happened. it makes zero sense.
  - You can't see  in theatre 'til March 2019. But you can drool on this movie trailer. Again.   
Another year, another Halloween that I don't own a Captain Marvel (Shazam) costume
Is there such thing as TOO many  posters??? 
someone in this theater really said! that captain marvel looks stupid and the BUMBLEBEE MOVIE looks good ... god. girl go home
So the Captain Marvel movie is going to give an origin for Nick Fury missing his eye? Because it'd be awesome if it didn't. Like, he has both eyes at the start and both eyes at the end. Because not every aspect of a character needs an explanation.
do they know Captain Marvel got delayed for like three other films? 
In this episode of @webmeisterBud's Weekly Geek-out Podcast in @TheZone913, we talk @TheWalkingDead, @BreakingBad_AMC and we call up a phone sex line thanks to the new @captainmarvel promo photo. Also, @PolPlastino yells and @ArtAronson hates things. https://www.thezone.fm/2018/11/09/the-weekly-geek-out-podcast-0006/ …
For my money, there are 3 superhero origin films that will be hard to top:   2005's Batman Begins 2008's Iron Man 2017's Wonder Woman.  We'll see with   and  coming up.  And yes, Aquaman is an origin as he isn't yet who WE know he'll be.
Reasons to be alive: Avengers: 4 Captain Marvel Spider-Man: Far From Home Game of Thrones S8 Men in Black Spin-Off Star Wars: Episodio IX Godzilla: King of the Monsters Maleficent II Black Widow movie Doctor Strange sequel Wonder Woman 1984 Black Panther sequel Birds of Prey
Schwarma but its the surviving avengers + Guardians of the galaxy + Spider-Man + Captain Marvel = Heartbreaking Reference 
Power up with  Hear us talk everything from  to ! No nerdom goes uncovered!      Podbean:  iTunes:  Spotify:  
Mary Marvel first appeared as Mary Bromfield in Captain Marvel Adventures #18 (November 13, 1942). 
This meme of  is taking over the internet: 
captain marvel looks like standard mcu to me idg the hype, ill obviously still see it but its not gonna be anything crazy i dont think
Men's Rights Activists are mad that Captain Marvel doesn't smile enough. 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/dgi_wiJttRk?a  Captain Marvel Budget is reportedly Very small
I’m pretty sure I saw  soaring the skies of Barcelona... 
Samuel L. Jackson’s character Nick Fury seems to call for Captain Marvel’s help during the events of Infinity War. Only fitting he introduces her.
Retweet Captain Marvel. 
captain marvel after infinity war 
In no particular order because I can't choose.  Supergirl Batman Black Canary Elektra Captain Marvel  I nominate @mabyillah @TalkBoosterAu @matsnerdcorner @FormerlyCBM @LetsTalkCanary
So you’re telling me that the last cameo from Stan Lee is Ant Man and the Wasp or Captain Marvel.   We have lost a great today. #ExcelsiorForever
Hello, I made a  coloring page for the little Captain Marvels in my life (because huh where can we buy female superheroes coloring books?). Sharing this with you all in case you want to print this out for your little ones (or yourself )  
Growing up my team was.  Gary Bailey,  Gordon McQueen, Paul McGrath, Kevin Moran alongside Albiston.  In midfield Captain Marvel Bryan Robson, livewire Scot Gordon Strachan, mercurial talent Norman Whiteside and Frank Stapleton.  Up front wily duo Mark Hughes and Brian McClair. 
My daughter  & I just met  Ronan “The Accuser” and Thranduil from The Hobbit. Great guy!              Studios 
Our next Jewish creator, Gene Colan. Co-creator of Blade, Falcon, the original Guardians of the Galaxy, Captain Marvel (Mar-Vell), & Night Force. Known for runs on Iron Man, Daredevil, Tomb of Dracula, Howard the Duck, Doctor Strange, Captain America, Batman, Wonder Woman, & more 
   Photoshopping  stills so she's smiling.  I love how  tells us that SJWs are whiny snowflakes who perpetuate Victimhood Culture but at the same time, they get triggered when a woman doesn't smile.
HERo   
Nothing would be more heartbreaking than watching the FINAL Stan Lee Cameo in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 
  4th issue of Ms. Marvel. Again...$3. 
's first trailer received 109 million views in 24 hours, beating 'Black Panther’s 89 million, but falling behind ’Infinity War’s 230 million   (via )
The last cameo Stan Lee will might be on Spiderman Far From Home, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4
O questionamento que fica é, será que vai ter um novo trailer de  na , espero muito viu,  não decepciona a gente.
   The hero we need, the Captain we deserve. 
The Nutcracker & the 4 Realms; Mary Poppins Returns; Bohemian Rhapsody; Boy Erased; Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald; Widows; Creed II; Captain Marvel; Dumbo 
ladies and gentleman... introducing my motherfuckin wife, oh my god captain marvel you're fine as fuck 
Man that captain Marvel trailer was boring.
  Reshoots  ︽✵︽ 
Captain Marvel v9 #8 [2016] 
Captain Marvel Meet & Greet Coming to Disney's California Adventure 
 | Day 5.  is  
Check out my comic book show where I review  #55,  #11, Life of  #3, West Coast  #2, Return of  #1, The Amazing  Annual #1, Strangers in Paradise XXV #6, X-Men Gold #36, and more  
Like I KNOW who it is, but my brain glitches and all I saw was Alex Danvers and  for a second 
Since  is going to take place in 1995, I would really love it if  got a reference since the franchise was really was a big hit back in the day. The fact the the show is still running since 1993 is amazing to me.
What I would give to own these pieces of original Captain Marvel art for Power of Shazam! by .  These are pieces of history.
even captain marvel retweeted it omg
marvel: *releases captain marvel trailer*  marvel: loki and wanda will have a tv series  marvel: *will premiere daredevil in less than a month*  marvel: *will release ant-man and the wasp on blu-ray*  someone: *released a4 leaks*  marvel: *will release dark phoenix trailer*  me: 
Oh captain marvel oh avengers oh aladin ohhhh
I don't think people grasp how hard it is for a film to actually hit 1 billion. It's not some easy feat to do. I also don't want those expectations to be created for Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel is a SOLO film and would be a hit if it made 600ish MIL worldwide TBH. That's fine.
Dudes running stills of captain marvel through the face app to literally MAKE her smile all need to be screened for sociopathic tendencies. Bro just be NORMAL, the fuck is wrong with you?
A new origin story comes to life in THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 from writer , and it's one you will not forget!   
~Icons da Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel; a thread
next week is gonna be SUCH A GREAT WEEK FOR COMICS!!!!!!! SHURI #1, THOR #6, THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4??? WHAT THE FUJDJSHDHDHD
Hey  want to share my tribute art of your  character. Loved the trailer and can not wait to see this film, you are fantastic and its going to rock!!! Hope you dig my interpretation.  
RIP dear Stan Lee; the real Captain Marvel! I will miss your much-awaited cameos on MCU films... Excelsior!   12.28.1922 - 11.12.2018
Why did MCU wait until Wonder Woman’s success to move forward with Captain Marvel, why did MCU do CW as a response to BvS instead of following through with Cap’s actual sequel, why are all of these female led projects being announced by MCU after DC did it before them?  
Me hearing  is writing : YAY!!!  Me hearing that  will be in it:
PSA: Do NOT Call the 800 Number in the New  Photo  
Another #1? Isn't this the 7th one within 3 years for Captain Marvel?
CAPTAIN MARVEL'S BRIE LARSON Ships SAMUS And WALUIGI In Halloween Photo - 
Preparing for NYCC! Man it's so close now  anyway hope you enjoy my rendition of Captain marvel!    https://www.instagram.com/p/BoILQ8Ki4RJ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1kc9pqqtywsuv …
  A Hero for us All.    
 delivers a major blow to Thanos in this  fan edit: 
 your in a captain Marvel Cartoon!!! Lol     abandon
so @OriginalFunko when y’all dropping the captain marvel funkos
yesterday when my english teacher was looking for something to watch because it was our last English lesson before the spring holidays; i yelled out “pLaY tHe CAptAin MaRvEL trAiLer CoAwrDs” and the whole row of people behind me clapped.
LEAKED CAPTAIN MARVEL SCRIPT  cap m: wow u r bad let's fight  bad guy: haha ok lol   *fighting*  bab guy: wow u figt like a gurl lul   Cuptan marv: um duh. and now im gunna hecking kill u.   *cm does big star power punch*   Bad man: am ded   Funny friend character: haha big oof
Captain Marvel cover sample--with and without mock text. Really enjoyed this one, can't wait to see  take Carol to the stars!       
    Just a few pictures from October 2018 comiccon.  Pictures of us both with  , and me as   with  (  ) and    and  !
There are seriously people ready to die on the hill that Captain Marvel should smile more. 
That’s captain marvel to you. 
Quake called Captain Marvel Cap. And she taught her everything she knows    (Yesss I’m just now watching marvel rising)
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/crj8vtjbo4Y?a  Captain Marvel Teaser - Iron Man Scene Easter Egg Breakdown
Comic book day! Go out and buy the Life of Captain Marvel #3 it's an amazing series. Can't wait to dig into this issue 
Husband: So #CaptainMarvel is set in the 1990s- guess who's co-starring?  Me: ...90s Will Smith?  H: What? No-  M: NOW THIS IS A STORY ALL ABOUT HOW MY LIFE GOT FLIP-TURNED UPSIDE DOWN, CAUSE THANOS SHOWED UP AND KILLED HALF MY FRIENDS, AND NOBODY KNOWS HOW THIS STORY ENDS
Made an A-Force movie poster. Make it happen Marvel.              
Sorry folks, I know it’s a cool narrative to push that Marvel hates women and waited a long time for Captain Marvel, but these two shows are actually a thing. 
"What would Captain Marvel do?" Happy Halloween :) stay safe!    
I really hope they show Captain Marvel in the first trailer to get more people hyped for that movie as much as Avengers 4.
I'm sorry, I don't believe anyone is confusing Captain Marvel and Shazam. Comic nerds know the difference and no one else has the awareness of either to get them mixed up.
the air lock, Captain Marvel gave a salute to her and Wendy. "I'm off to get us some help. Hail Captain Bar-Konn and the Guardians."  With that, CM took off like a rocket to the place she knew of near by assistance. Avengers Tower.  The danger now (9/13)
*Captain Marvel trailer plays* Thanos: 
I wonder what stan lee’s cameo will be like in captain marvel
Which Captain Marvel Comics Is the Movie Based On?  
He's the monarch of all he surveys! He is . Have a great birthday, Captain Marvel 
Why Nick Fury Called Captain Marvel at the End of Marvel Studios' 'Avengers: Infinity War' 
PLCC FC 5-1 Nelson  @georgecraven  @jasonf11  Anton Jolley   Great result against Capitol Cup holders   Led by Captain Marvel @Sean77Woods
I know just the one. Happens to be 's best friend,  (Jessica Drew)
YOO CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT AROUND MY BIRTHDAY. SO FUCKIN STOKED
1. Batman  2. Black Panther  3. Wonder Woman 4. Deathstroke 5. Green Lantern (Hal & John) 6. Hulk  7. Hawkgirl 8. Captain Marvel 9. Flash (Barry Allen)  10. Dr. Manhattan 
Hi new followers! I’m tryin rurl hard not to be depressed about humanity and you’re helping with all your excitement for Carol. Hope to see lots of #CaptainMarvel cosplay tomorrow!
omg ok so I don't know why, but I LOVE movie trailers. some of my faves are:  -ocean's 8, specifically the 1st one -42 -black panther -captain marvel -the big short  like I watched the trailers repeatedly. and will still go back and watch them. they're just. riveting? 
Depressingly the one thing I know I’ll miss most tonight when I see CR07 is being reminded of ‘that feeling’ you get when a player like Captain Marvel,Sparky,Eric,Giggs,Scholes,DB07 or CR07 picks up the ball and you know something is going to happen and it was quite often A GOAL.
Know who is a fantastic artist?  !! It was Dexter Soy's beautiful art, and  's profound writing that made me a true Captain Marvel fan. In fact KSD's Captain Marvel run made me re-think the way I view women heroes, & Soy made me see the power in Carol Danvers! 
2019 Disney:  Aladdin Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Star Wars Episode IX Dumbo Frozen 2 Jungle Cruise The Lion King  wow.
infinity war was already mind blowing but imagine avengers 4?? with captain marvel, valkyrie, scott and clint this time, and everyone else again? how are we gonna survive this
i can’t wait for captain marvel and avengers4 what the fuck!!!!!1!1!1 
kamala: hey! this is my boyfriend miles, and this is miles’s boyfriend sam captain marvel: the thing about youth culture is i dont understand it
It's gonna be epic.    
LEAKED AVENGERS 4 Photos Reveal New Costumes, Captain Marvel, And A Low-Res Look At Hawkeye As Ronin 
Now that the trailers for Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix are out, we can't help but notice how much the movies have in common:  
The highlight of my con meeting  here at  her writing of  hooked me to carol and I’ve never let go 
Channeling my inner Carol Danvers with my Captain Marvel hat and rainbow shirt today  
To all of the brave men and women have served this country, thank you!  and I salute you! 
Yeah captain marvel, Avengers Annihilation, And far from home are already done filming. That definitely means they include stan lee cameos. But even in death, Lee will never have an omitted movie cameo.
isn't this captain Marvel sign? is she already......     
Sentry , Iron patriot , captain marvel ....... YO!!! 
นาฬิกาใหม่ใน collection ของ Marvel Invicta! Captain Marvel, Venom, Black Panther Ant-man and The Wasp! ราคาตั้งแต่ 500-200 us$  
Captain Marvel Art by   Colors by me.   
WE'RE GETTING A YOUNG COULSON POP FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL 
strongest avengers in the mcu (my opinion)  1. captain marvel  2. thor  3. scarlet witch 4. doctor strange  5. hulk
I think I’m gonna cry even more when I see Stan lee in captain marvel and IWP2 knowing it’s his last cameo  #RIPStan
Captain Marvel is definitely not going to hit that billion dollar mark like Black Panther. It’s going to lean towards Ant-Man and the Wasp numbers. As of right now I’m guessing $750 million.
YALL it's Captain Marvel 
Blah, blah blah. The original & TRUE Captain Marvel was male. Subsequent versions are bogus ripoffs.
's  has a seven-movie  Contract!
Already been interviewed for two Norwegian news sites about  becoming the new Doctor (also Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and the possibility of a female James Bond). It seems, after bringing  to Norway in 2013, I've become the go-to opinion on Who..
My girl forgot Captain Marvel and most importantly Avengers 4!! 
(Rusty knows that Chewie isn’t exactly a cat, but he doesn’t care. He can’t wait to watch  - & can’t wait to get a happy home where he can lounge around. He’s a senior cat w/ FIV who’s been waiting for months & needs a hero - adopt:   or RT! 
The Nerds Bros Geek Show   - This episode of The Nerd Bro Geek Show is all about !   The anticipations, expectations, and speculations of the movie that will bring the infinite universe of Marvel together before one last show down with Thanos 
Non cover price variant to LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 by !  Out next week!
Apparently I was in a trading card buying frenzy in the early 90s.  Going through my collection & I found these. I have no idea what they are. Can any1 fill me in on my purchase? Also  does the Kree StarForce Card get me an advance screening of Captain Marvel? 
The first Captain Marvel was created by Stan Lee & Gene Colan while the second iteration was made by Roger Stern & John Romita Jr.   The movie will be based off the second iteration onwards. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_Marvel_(Mar-Vell) …
Bonus Halloween countdown cover!  Whiz Comics #133 (May 1951), cover by  Pete Costanza.  Captain Marvel becomes a witch! 
Discover what makes her a hero  { I spent today hand stitching this jacket because I am HYPE for Captain Marvel  This took about 3 1/2 hours total } 
#FavConMemory saluting @kellysue with over two dozen other Captain Marvel cosplayers to celebrate the end of her run and thank her for her inspiring work on the book
Captain Marvel! 
Here's the  look of 's Inhumans and  in the 'Future Avengers' anime series: 
  SSNP #262 | Look at Her, She’s the Captain Now |  Amid much fanfare, Disney has released first looks are trailers for two upcoming films starring super-heroines: Marvel Studios’ “Captain Marvel” and “Mary https://wp.me/p6N4bi-13w?utm_source=ReviveOldPost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ReviveOldPost … #podsincolor
Ummmmm my order from  arrived this morning. My Captain Marvel jacket from   I. Am. In. Love. 
'Captain Marvel's Best Box Office Measuring Stick May Be 'Doctor Strange'  
I little more work on my “Captain Marvel” drawing.  I’m wrapping up vfx work on the “Aquaman” film today and starting up on “Captain Marvel” next week. I am pretty excited. It will be my first MCU movie. I’m excited to have more time to draw as well.   
 SDCC 2017 Concept Art Officially Released Online  
Captain marvel inspiring Wonder Woman. Man this is one of the most stupidest things I’ve ever read on Twitter from CBM community. I mean really.... really!!!!!! Some MCU people are delusional AF. 
Captain Marvel doesn't need to be smiling. But you know who does?  Superman.  Nobody bitched that Superman, the most winkingest, smilingest superhero around, wasn't smiling.
Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos' Infinity War Snap https://buff.ly/2QIshud  vía @CinemaBlend
I'd love to see you do Firestorm for DC, Captain Marvel Carol Danvers for Marvel, and I think you'd do a badass old school Prophet at image! I still love your Death's Head II, though! One of my all-time favorites!
A female superhero's journey is complex: Captain Marvel writer Margaret Stohl.   
watch me crying like a baby cuándo salga al principio de avengers 4 y captain marvel "in memory of Stan Lee", bueno y cuándo salga él en sus dos últimos cameos y
FAMILIA!!! Dinner with Billy Batson, yup Captain Marvel himself and his awesome wife Stacy  I’m about that DC life..    my favorite ginger  life is good.
Going through what books I’m excited for on NCBD & it’s BIG: X-men Black Mystique, What if? Ghost Rider, Unstoppable Wasp, thor, Shuri, Runaways, mr and Ms x, Weapon Hex, life of Captain Marvel, marvel zombies, Astonishing X-men, Teen Titans, Lucifer, JL, JLD, Batman, & Aquaman
The end of Ant-Man and the Wasp...harsh. #toosoon #thefeels #notoverit #CaptainMarvel
Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel were already 8 months apart.  Or are you trying to lead me to believe Captain Marvel would be number one in theaters for 8 months running and eat into Wonder Woman's opening weekend?  Seriously. Stop with the noise.
110 days until       
So yh, 2018 is taking this legend down with it RIP STAN LEE...guess we wouldnt be seeing you in captain marvel 
Finally dawned on me that DL might not get a Captain Marvel meet because they can't legally use the name "Marvel" in the marketing or names of anything in the parks. Whoops. 
  and  Cosplayers Show Their Love for   
Daredevil Season 3 Spider-Man: Far From Home AVENGERS 4 Captain Marvel The Eternals 
Captain Marvel Secrecy Is More Intense Than Fantastic Beasts, Says Jude Law   
Just think of how many old ladies Captain Marvel can punch across 7 movies... https://cnet.co/2yxxgWN
 get on that phone and make a deal with marvel to do an album for captain marvel  
Stan Lee you will be always in our hearts and our TV just hope they got your scene done for Captain Marvel #StanLee #RIPStanLee #
days-until-avengers-4: 173 days until avengers 4 117 days until Captain Marvel 237 days until Spider-Man... https://tmblr.co/Z0bHEx2dfzq8S
The greatest of all time, creator of the MARVELS UNIVERSE,RIP. . .        
i went to the movies earlier and the captain marvel trailer played and seeing it on the big screen was amazing, i literally got chills i can’t wait to see the whole thing. 
I could sworn the most recent Captain Marvel series has Carol go to an alternate reality where Phyla looked like that...
The guys reflect on the Captain Marvel Trailer, Arizona Circle, and a new game app in Episode 154! http://youtu.be/45lMAJ8vUpk?a
What’s so great about I’ll Never Love Again is that it’s unabashedly sung and filmed like the ultimate 90s Golden Age of Pop Divas anthem. Celine arms! Whitney intensity! Mariah notes! Please also play this at the end of Captain Marvel.
PART FIVEEE  
Already started the rhetoric that was used towards Black Panther. It went from 'People like Black Panther because BLACK PEOPLE" to "Captain Marvel is being hyped/loved because female lead" Bish and? Y'all want anyone not Cishet mayowashed to be ashamed of their existence LMAO
I’m talking about this on the podcast this morning, about revealing marketing dates. They REALLY don’t like sites stepping on the feet of the marketing plan (like when the Captain Marvel trailer date was confirmed). 
This pic is off the Russo brothers twitter. Captain marvel is turned away from the group because she didn’t fight the battle, and tony stark is in the middle, alone. He believed that it was his job to protect everyone around him, he couldn’t do that, and that kills him 
Captain Marvel stuff 
Kevin Smith Calls 'Captain Marvel' Trailer "Breathtaking" and "Brilliant" -  
Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019  
Wow -  backs away from a fight with , moving to more than a year away with a new 2020 release date... BREAKDOWN: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-3meMLRklA …
can captain marvel be out already in tired of waiting
The Captain Marvel TPB That Will Only be Sold in Comic Book Stores 
Marvel VP says to fans: No one’s wants the old stories. "They might thin... https://youtu.be/Vp8hf78CW88  via @YouTube #ABC #CBS #NBC @MarvelMusicInc #BBC #NPR #NYT #WSJ #USAToday #GMA #LATimes @Disney #Disney #Marvel @Marvel @MarvelAOSFc @captainmarvel @MarvelStudios @MarvelSupport
*Bloggers during DCEU posters and films :   "Why aren't they smiling?"  *Bloggers after Captain Marvel trailer :   "Hero's doesn't need to smile all the time."
Blockbuster Video let people borrow physical copies of media for a certain amount of time, which they would then return before a deadline (or incur a penalty).  There's photographic evidence of them selling the same types of boxes we see on shelves in the Captain Marvel trailer. 
So... What did everyone think of  Captain Marvel trailer today...?! Art from the cover of my MARVELous Art 3 book, with colors by @neiruffino   studios       
God you know what's gonna fuck me up is the "in memory of Stan Lee" at the end of infinity war part 2 or the captain marvel movie
captain marvel after beating thanos' purple ass 
There's a lot going on in this zoomed and enhanced still from the new  trailer... 
from  's tweet   in my house no one fight over who's the best captain! captain marvel is here and she's gonna help the avengers! shut up, enjoy the show, turn off the faucet between usages, and recycle those plastics! oR ELSE 
like neither captain marvel nor anyone else deserves it more than her not even Gamora she should kill him TOGETHER w Nebula but definitely not alone
หนังดี 2019  WonderWoman Frozen2 Spider-Man Sonic Spawn Jumanji Kingsman3 Toy Story4 MIB IT Terminator6 HowToTrainYourDragon Rambo5 AddamsFamily Shazam Alita NewMutants LegoMovie2 Hellboy LionKing Aladdin Godzilla JohnWick3 DarkPhoenix Joker CaptainMarvel Avengers4 Starwars9
Who wouldn’t want a free picture of ??!! 
I’m not going to be ready for the  “In memory of” at the beginning of the Captain Marvel or Avengers 4 credits now.   Living to 95? That’s an achievement. RIP
What if at the end of the  movie. A Skrull is shown to change into The Red Guardian. And that leads into the Black Widow solo movie. 
I have watched the #CaptainMarvel trailer 500,000 times since it was released. Pls marvel I'm begging you, I need more content my crops are dying.
Captain Marvel  by   Photo by Griffin Studios     
So cool to begin with, and now this... Captain Marvel and Alpha Flight are one my favorite things in modern comics, and this pic just made my week. 
“Stan Lee [had] filmed both his Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel cameos before he died.”  
The creation of the Carol Danvers-led  series led to a groundbreaking change in comics and in film, and it has unquestionably earned its own place in superhero history. 
Surprise for marvel fans  trailer    
2019 watch list: - Captain Marvel - Avengers 4 - Gundala - Quick Count Pemilu
I know why. Because they capitulate in the name of conciliation while the other side never gives an inch. We need Progressives willing to push back hard. At the very least all this opposition may force Pelosi to go #CaptainMarvel .  @KamalaHarris #NoSurrender #NoPrisoners
Yes Marvel fans I am excited for  and a little bit of  . I'm just not excited for Far From Good since Watts is still involved and I fucking hated Homecoming so no thanks. But their response will say how dare you LMAO.
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Reshoot Photos Spotlight BRIE LARSON and YOUNG COULSON - 
Captain Marvel done at ⁦⁩ this past weekend! Shazam!!
SOMEBODY EDIT THIS WITH THE CAPTAIN MARVEL OUTFIT COZ JOOE LOOKS LIKE ONE  
It ain’t no marvel! These warriors are winning us over.          
 where did you get that  long sleeve? I need it 
top 5 2019 cbm im hyped for: 1. far from home 2. joker 3. avengers 4 4. captain marvel 5. shazam
Captain Marvels.      
Life of  writer  pays tribute to  creator Stan Lee.
Atleast it looks better than the Captain Marvel trailer... I guess thats not hard to do though.
Captain Marvel first look photos show off MCU’s female superhero https://cstu.io/f63b64
Went to a different store in the northern area of the Eastside and found all 3 issues of the new captain marvel run, as well as a issue of bride of the water god in a discount bin I haven’t bought to yet. Really love the Rockwell inspired covers. Very New England appropriate. 
Carol Danvers is home to stay. A new Captain Marvel ongoing series is coming in January, Marvel has announced via the New York Times. The series will be... 
I will not rest until these two icons are on-screen together in the Marvel Cinematic Universe     
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER PLAYING BEFORE VENOM 
THANKS 4 ALL THE XOXO so much love for my ! This  run was always the plan but change is hard eh? good thing it's UBERTALENT  up next + we still have 4/5 of  to go! and yeah SECRET NEWZ SOON but yanno page me if u need me
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/Q_2mqDXsEpg?a  Is this the Story of "CAPTAIN MARVEL" ?? Captain Marvel | Official Trailer | Tamil |
MARVEL Reveals Detailed Look At New ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ Logo - 
Explains why Captain Marvel was late to the MCU, a sex hotline probably pays better
Good bye to the greatest story teller of our generation  RIP. Stan Lee. The actual “Captain Marvel” . “With great power, comes great responsibility” 
He looking on point in the  trailer 
Also #CaptainMarvel looks awesome!
Captain Marvel near unlimited cosmic power! 
【 CAROL DANVERS / / CAPTAIN MARVEL 】 ➤ Lewd and can be hung.  ➤ Literate and descriptive. ➤ Bisexual, small lean to women. ➤ Penned by: .  ➥ 𝐑𝐄𝐓𝐖𝐄𝐄𝐓. ↺ l 𝐇𝐄𝐀𝐑𝐓 𝐅𝐎𝐑 𝐀 𝐃𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐓 𝐌𝐄𝐒𝐒𝐀𝐆𝐄. 
If they play the captain marvel trailer tonight at venom I’m going wild and nobody will stop me
The Spectre would find Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) to be good; truly good.  Cap is the most pure-hearted superhero on Earth, even more so than Superman. 
Captain Marvel  by @samanthas_cosplay  Photo by @candidjohnkim .     cosplay    
Stohl talks about what it means to write and read a protagonist as a girl. Carol Danvers began as a side character and a product of her time, but has evolved significantly.    
I am looking forward to Phase 4. I love to see the MCU take bigger risks by adding new Marvel heroes never before seen on film and the film I want to see the most is a toss-up between Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. 
Rocket,spiderman,hulk,captain america,captain marvel,thor, ironman 
Now I'm thinking about how the Avengers during the first half of the 80s was an epilogue service for dangling plots.  Spider-Woman, Project Pegasus, Starlin's Captain Marvel, the Eternals....
Imagine working on Captain Marvel's marketing team and seeing  ACTUALLY break the internet
1. iz*one - la vie en rose 2. film-film belum ada yang menarik perhatian. Tapi nunggu toy story 4 sama captain marvel
Damn now when I watch #ScottPilgrim I can be like “oh that’s that movie with Captain America, Captain Marvel, Superman/The Atom, AND Huntress”
Thank you, Stan Lee.         
Back stage with Captain America, Dr. Strange, and Captain Marvel    – at 
May have to bust out, and re-read my life changing @kellysue Captain Marvel run before the movie .
so hyped for captain marvel tho !
There’s a moment when she’s outrun every doubt and fear she’s ever had about herself, and she fliesIn that one moment, every little girl flies-Carol Danvers  
I don't understand what is so great about Captain Marvel, they already have Captain America. And it also bothers me that they are making her the strongest superhero, Thor is the strongest. HE'S A GOD!
This small comic book was glued to the front cover of copies of Captain Marvel Adventures #23, sold in the South. They served to cover up a heroic black character in the lower left corner of the comic. 
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Trailer Gets An Animated Version - 
Coming TONIGHT to      is , ,  and suffers electrically induced !  wwomen   
Finishes applied to my      . Inspired by @jscottcampbellart  
thread on why captain marvel is gonna suck
Seriously @Marvel, you're gonna push Captain Marvel and then fire someone because he was mean to misogynists? You're gonna push Black Panther and Ironheart and fire him because he was mean to racists? They don't like you, you don't have to impress them.
I have a Harley Quinn, Captain Marvel, Android 18, Spider Gwen and Cammy ready to go.  Luckily it's all the same person.
Carol Danvers & Kamala Khan are both geeks. However, when they interact, it's almost always "professional" level. I would love to see them have the opportunity to connect their geeky sides.  (Hm, does Kamala even know Carol is a published sci-fi author?)  #CaptainMarvel #MsMarvel
  The father of    The real  of  Studios      
Captain Marvel meet and greet coming to DCA:  () 
the future of the mcu based on ur astrological sign: aries: carol danvers taurus: captain marvel  gemini: miss danvers  cancer: carol leo: defeater of thanos virgo: ms marvel libra: binary scorpio: miss danvers sagittarius: carol  capricorn: warbird  aquarius: carol pisces: cap
Ang heartbreaking lang siguro panoorin ng credits ng captain marvel
Vaya duelo de titanas... que ganas de llegue Frebrero y Marzo!!!   
We have so much comic book movie goodness:  interviewing Zachary Levi about Shazam,  explaining the tangled web of Spidey projects,  chatting to the directors of Into The Spider-Verse and previewing Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman 2 and loads more. 
109 days till captain marvel 
Fan reactions to the  trailer. Omg the wet eyes are the best. I feel ya 
 Today we lost the hero of my favourite films.   I almost believed he is a super hero who will never leave us       Studios  
Be like Captain Marvel. Vote today. 
“CAPTAIN MARVEL #1-5 "RISE OF THE ALPHA FLIGHT" (2016)” https://dajyareinu.hatenablog.jp/entry/2018/11/18/104506 …
Captain Marvel vs. Superman: Who's more powerful?  
decided to finish reading the mighty captain marvel tomorrow i’m so tired today i don’t even know why since a had 2 hour or so nap
I’m really looking forward to the Captain Marvel movie. 
I really need Spectrum, my Captain Marvel, to find her way to the MCU soon. Like yesterday soon. 
He filmed his last cameo for avengers, hopefully spiderman and hopefully captain marvel :/ 
Sun shining through Captain Marvel!  By , based on . 
This is what I was referring to about a month ago when I mentioned a  development and also  trailer news!  
Turned around and did this sketch of Captain Marvel as a Titan. Not much of a difference, honestly, from the normal suit she wears. Just added a Ghost and suddenly its Destiny!  
  In Captain Marvel, a woman becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 
Captain Marvel Is on the Way!  Not the MCU's first misstep, but probably it's biggest.  
When COMICS AND MOVIE COLLIDE. We are blessed, Carol Corps.  
Let's rewrite some history, shall we?     
And toy story 4 and Aladdin and the avengers movie and Captain marvel so 2019 high-key wins
Getting a Captain Marvel tattoo in December
@sarahshachat could write an amazing Captain Marvel for Katee Sackhoff...
 In my opinion needs a solo movie more than  fight me but now is too late. Maybe there still hope for one BW movie before  I don't know.
so um will i be able to buy this captain marvel hoodie? stay tuned... 
In his episode the guys discuss the  trailer. She not what youthink she is, click here for more:   
“Marvelous”   Extremely excited for this movie to come out! So many new aspects of the Marvel universe will be introduced...Just imagining the possibilities w/ the Skrulls...Possible “Secret Invasion”???   
I’m glad the little Madster is growing up in an era where her first princesses were Elsa & Anna, her first hero was Wonder Woman, she’s loving the new female doctor but she can also dress up as princess poppy from  trolls & a stormtrooper at the same time.
The Life of #CaptainMarvel a broken #review #caroldanvers #marvelhttps://tmblr.co/ZNt4Pk2ctQIzj
Captain Marvel on her way to beat thanos' ass  
I saw that whole series. In a similar thread about Captain Marvel he was talking about how men do dangerous jobs and women don't. My dude, you haft better things to do.
Uncanny X-Men. Jessica Jones. West Coast Avengers. Now Captain Marvel.  @79SemiFinalist is THE force to be reckoned with at Marvel and what a smart thing they did in acknowledging her talent.
probably thinking of the captain marvel trailer 
  Credit to Marvel&DCHeroes
can't decide if I wanna wear boots (logical) or my Captain Marvel shoes (red!!) to the west final please help
How  Co-Writer Nicole Perlman Bucked the Hollywood System to Make Her Directorial Debut  
i am excited for captain marvel lets fucking go !!!
Kirby would eat Captain Marvel and turn into Rogue.
MATCH 7 - SUPERGIRL VS CAPTAIN MARVEL  vs  
New        Reboot News  on     rumors News 
Yeah captain marvel is going to be trash 
Don’t forget the 2 important ones: Captain Marvel & Avengers 4!!! 
sister grimm  raven scarlet witch magik (illyana rasputina) wonder girl (cassie sandsmark) jessica jones pixie jean grey thor (jane foster) captain marvel (carol danvers) 
the after credits scene where Freddie Mercury meets up with Captain Marvel was VERY interesting!
Fan Theory on Why Captain Marvel Changes Her Uniform Colors   
The Captain Marvel trailer is Epic! We're going to watch it again right now. How about you?    
hayden and anshe wanted to have captain marvel AND avengers 4 countdowns in their names so i told them they were gonna look like a barcode dkdkdk
This wordplay from the Captain Marvel trailer gave me chills. 
I'm so ready for Aquaman. I'm ready for Captain Marvel. I'm ready for Shazam!  I'm ready for Avengers 4. I'm ready for it all 
Captain Marvel is gonna end with “In loving memory of Stan Lee”
Me: I’m finally going to commit cosplaying! Think I’m going to start with Captain Marvel.   Chloe: 
Captain Marvel - Weird Trailer | Funny Spoof Parody -- (Reaction!): http://youtu.be/9LXh9ALFLvE?a  via @YouTube
Uh, Disney’s 2019 movie slate is crazy.  Captain Marvel Dumbo Avengers 4 Aladdin Toy Story 4 Lion King Jungle Cruise (it has the Rock, it will make $$$) Frozen 2 Star Wars Ep 9  Disney = 
Captain Marvel. She-Hulk. Black Widow. Scarlet Witch. Medusa. Spider Woman. Mockingbird. 
The next MCU film.  Chapter 21.  3.8.19.  https://www.instagram.com/p/BqKV1HbHAgK/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=pl7407m5q9ay …
: New socks in  colors, little friends spending the night so their parents can have a nice anniversary alone, yummy dinner, and my new  wallpaper!  
Sideshow Headlines: Sideshow’s Week in Geek: Captain Marvel Trailer Release http://bit.ly/2pokRAh
The Incredible Hulk, Iron Man, Spidey, Captain Marvel... none have as much power as !   selfie at 
MY HER-O just broke the internet! thank you marvel studios for making the Captain Marvel Like I’ve read for 21 years! Thank you! Must’ve been a really bad day for haters lol
I don't think this means he will die. This just means Evans is done playing the character. My bet is Captain American uses Captain Marvel's time travel or whatever the plot hole fixing device is to go back in time and live happily ever after with Peggy Carter. THE END. 
In more me news: the prelude to  movie comic is out tomorrow. This hermit is coming out of her shell to go pick it up. 
- Ad Astra - Avengers 4 - Captain Marvel - Dragged Across Concrete - Eighth Grade 
It's funny, between Captain Marvel and a BUNCH of other upcoming films, Hollywood is using comics by me and  as their inspiration A LOT. More than has even been announced yet.     :)
Captain America and Captain Marvel/Shazam. I enjoy this possible friendship.
People are afraid of horrendously shitty movies. As surprising as this'll be Melissa McCarthy is not the singular representation of women in entertainment and media.  I'd imagine  is going to do pretty well. 
Captain Marvel Poster and Trailer from Marvel Studios    SMMC
I've seen the Captain Marvel trailer for the first time today and I'm so excited
 I never met him but the impact on my 47 years is clear to anyone who knows me. I always felt like an outsider, Stan’s creations made me realise that was okay. His legacy of flawed heroes striving to be better is a lesson I’ll never forget. RIP Captain Marvel. 
I just bought the avengers hoodie I wanted and the guy that worked at the Disney store told me he knew some people that worked on the captain marvel movie, and he said he knew stuff that would happen in the movie but he couldn’t tell me. WHAT A MF TEASE 
No offence n all but I'm so much more excited for into the spiderverse than I am for the Captain marvel movie
Remember that   post-credit scene?! 
First sketch   
'Captain Marvel's Gemma Chan is not joining Tom Holland & Mark Ruffalo in the Marvel Spoilers Club — 'I would love to talk to you about my character in more detail but if I do, Marvel will send probably someone to kill me'   (via The Koz Times) 
New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review  & talk the latest from    Podbean:  iTunes: 
I’ve seen the X-Men: Dark Phoenix trailer (the Russian version at least) and it easily beats out the Captain Marvel trailer. It’s truly something special.
Holy shit, 2019 is going to be a giant year for movies.   The Lion King Wonder Woman 1984 Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Spider-Man Far From Home It Chapter 2 John Wick 3 Toy Story 4 How to Train Your Dragon 3 Godzilla King of Monsters AND Star wars IX
i cant wait for captain marvel because i already know what i want to wear and how i want to do my make up so like im going be flexing on the rest of the people at the cinema
My Mom in 1979.  Me in awe. 
stop acting like promoting captain marvel is a crime against men or something
ICYMI Captain Marvel is headed to Disney California Adventure early next year:   
Will  or  be the next ?  
 in the 90's. Captain Marvel reshoots are happening. 
A few days late on this, but these shots from the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer are really, really, really good. 
My baby ⁦⁩ look alike loves ⁦⁩ Here he is channeling  for his photo shoot today.  ⁦⁩   
‘GotG’ Fans Raising Funds To Create Billboards In Hopes Of Rehiring James Gunn         
Absolute legend, one of the greats. Carried the team at times, he wasn't called a Captain Marvel for nothing 
nothing but respect for MY captain marvel 
Do Captain Marvel next plz 
Shazam sketch a did awhile back. Really excited to see  take on the role. Wasn’t sure about his casting at first but I now see he’s perfect for the role.           
Yeah, because heroes like Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Guardians of the Galaxy, and Captain Marvel finally getting their own movies isn't nearly as special as the 90s and 00s, otherwise known as 'The Decades of Endless Spider-Man, Batman, and X-Men Movies.'
[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 35 días Captain Marvel: 112 días  Shazam: 140 días  Avengers 4: 168 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 203 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 231 días The New Mutants: 259 días
*watching kong:skill island* my dad: !!! it’s captain marvel and loki and nick fury!!! me: yep   *a song called ‘we’ll meet again’ starts playing* me: my dad: well they won’t meet again because he’s DEAD HAHAHAHA  me: he is very alive TO ME 
Acabo de ver el trailer de Captain Marvel  la necesito ya.
i want captain marvel to punch me
captainmarvel
FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  
i’m more excited about the [redacted] movie than i am for captain marvel 
Look at this, haha! I knew someone would do something like this. Awesome!   
#TWC9 : Microsoft Is Joining #Hacktoberfest #Azure Repos, Captain #Marvel and more - @film_girl https://lnkd.in/exuHhWd  #MSFTAdvocate
Update: still crying  
I’m so excited that this Beautiful Woman   is going to be plying in Captain Marvel as a badass fighter pilot Carol Danvers 
. wants YOU to .  
Was psyched to see a poster for  on a wall at the cinema. The cat was more noticeable than on a computer screen. 
They told me to draw what makes me happy. This is one of those things     
For Halloween should I be captain marvel, the wasp, a ninja, or a dragon ninja?
 images   Our favorite  officer  from the set of       
Msh Captain Marvel Halloween Spooktacular #1 - (W) , ,  (A) Mario Del Pennino,  (A/CA)  - in stores this week!  
I came back the next day for the signature and was in my full Captain Marvel costume; he said “Attagirl!” and winked :}} Legend and a sweetie 
Check out the cute  voting pun that  made ahead of Election Day!
New video breakdown of the  trailer. You can watch it with the link that comes after these words.  
My two biggest inspirations and creators of the cinematic adaptation of my two favorite heroes:  and  Thank you for these 10 years that I grew up watching these incredible movies and getting inspired by your work  
Back in the 1970's. before DC reintroduced Captain Marvel into the DC universe. they made a Expy who appeared in a few issues of Superman.
Captain Marvel  
captain marvel comes out March 8th, also known as international women’s day.  you’re brilliant.
Infinity War's Captain Marvel Nod Could Have Looked Different.  
Got around to seeing that Captain Marvel trailer. That old lady had to be a skrull cause no way she’s just getting duffed like that
Venom, Spider-Man PS4, and likely cameos in Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4
We acquired  pajamas at Target. Tell me that first picture isn't the embodiment of Carol Danvers.     
WE’RE GETTING A NEW  SERIES BEFORE THE MOVIE!! 
RIP Captain Marvel  
The powerful song from the  trailer on Spotify! 
WATCHING THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER ON A BIG FUCKING MOVIE SCREEN FOR THE FIRST TIME... UNREAL 
Disneyland Resort to Welcome Captain Marvel Early Next Year 
Phil Coulson (Clark Gregg) en el set de Captain Marvel. 10/10 
R/unexpectedreddit
Famously wrote  Shazam screenplay on spec, just because he loved Captain Marvel as a kid. DC had to tell him they could barely get financing for Batman and Superman at that stage.
Man are yall for real making 'fake rape accusation' jokes with captain marvel out of all people. Seriously. 
He’s not saying Annihilus should be in the film. He’d just like to see that moment play out between Captain Marvel and Thanos.
Story: Marvel Legends 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Wave Indicates The Supreme Intelligence Will Appear 
New   drawn today, plus 2 sketch covers drawn and put on    Good days scribbling...now I’m passing out.         Comics  
Skrull from Captain Marvel Set.   
Like & RT if you too, are going to be more broke than normal when official #CaptainMarvel movie merchandise is released.
ok ive seen enough to know tht the powerpuff girls will be the ones to defeat thanos, not captain marvel
After the Captain Marvel trailer I'm honestly sick of any male super hero character.
Things to look forward to in 2019 -Your Birthday - New Years Resolutions that you will actually bother to follow through with this time  - Captain Marvel -The next Avengers Movie - Toy Story 4 -John Wick 3 - Debut Author @ZebaTalk 's highly anticipated memoir!
all i want is for quake and captain marvel to fight along side each other is that too much to ask 
Check out Marvel Spotlight 10 Issue Comic Book Lot Featuring Captain Marvel, Star Lord  ⁦⁩    u    
so.....kelly thompson is writing a captain marvel series 
Yeah, Marvel keeps spelling Monica Rambeau's codename wrong. They keep printing "Spectrum" when it should be "Captain Marvel."  Jokes aside - the flip-flopping between Psylocke's name being alternately spelled Elisabeth and Elizabeth. Like, pick one and stick with it!
Captain Marvel by  . Like the Art? Support and follow the artist! .      
CAPTAIN MARVEL LIKED MY POST!   Thank you so much!
Captain Marvel 4 Women's V-Neck T-Shirt      hero           girl      power    
until marvel knows how to behave and drops more captain marvel content, i am a whole dc stan!!!!
i cant believe the captain marvel movie is just carol prematurely beating up skrulls before they hurt her gf
 and  team up in this awesome fanart: 
Black Panther built momentum through a very stylistic trailer. Thor: Rag did a similar job, and even Dr. Strange built up some of the wonder of the universe we were going to see. Captain Marvel being 60 days removed from the NEXT MCU film means that it needs to stand out fast. /4
that captain marvel is the leader of the avengers and no one can do anything about it now 
 release date, trailer, powers, cast, poster, and everything else you need to know  
first i have chaos waking most likely in march then captain marvel. then avengers 4. then toy story 4. then far from home. then spies in disguise. maybe god does love me!
As featured on  , "Digital artist Datrinti (Tiago Ribeiro) has envisaged one of the biggest dream meet-ups in the world of comic book movies,  and  in a brilliantly inspiring piece of fan art!"  
They were originally 8 months apart. Them moving WW didnt have a giddamn thing to do with captain marvel...ffs your narrative is  obvious . Foh.
Captain Marvel vs. Wraith              
what movie are you most excited about? — Captain Marvel https://curiouscat.me/Soldier24/post/681648815?1539908359 …
Coming this weekend to   Captain Marvel () finds herself bound and gagged and subjected to electrified orgasm torture!  Join today and see this scene before ANYONE! 
People shitting on captain marvel just bc they love dc are pathetic imo. We get it. WW came before that and that's ok. No need to shit on people being excited for the mcu's first female lead movie. Celebrate women you idiots. Don't put them down.
y’all really out here making me want to put the captain marvel symbol on a pair of jeans. i am broke i cannot afford this ://
 for giving us   and     Studios  
Captain Marvel will be a flop i am afraid. Has no mojo so far.
Rewatching all 20 MCU movies on the lead up to Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.......just hit The Avengers, still just as great as it was on day 1
@RobertDowneyJr  i'm not sure you will read this (you probably get a lot of fan mail) but you are the best avenger - way better than Thor himself. let me guess. captain marvel has to rescue ant man out of that quantum zone in the next film?
Can’t wait to see  in  next year! Here’s a closeup on a painting I did of her for  earlier this year.
Different eras, haircuts, costumes and names.  Same woman, fierceness, attitude and inspiration.   2018 Carol Danvers 50thAnniversary  LETS CELEBRATE WITH  OWNING THE  MOVIE and writer  writing the NEW comic in 2019!  ITS OUR MOMENT, CORPS!
This Captain Marvel trailer sequence reminded me so much of Buffy’s “Are You Ready To Be Strong” speech it gave me goosebumps. 
The Official  hoodie is here and its GORGEOUS: 
2019 is gonna be huge for film/TV man like holy shit  - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Game of Thrones finale season  - Lion King remake  - It Part 2 - Star Wars IX - Toy Story 4 - Zombieland 2  - Terminator 6
i love my captain marvel 
Besties!   
This three has more personality and character development than all of MCU's female characters combined. and they are no sidekicks or just love interests. But sure, Captain Marvel will revolutionize the female superhero films, lol. 
it’s only been a week but i need more captain marvel content
Captain Marvel Easter egg hunters rewarded with phone sex   
  A new recruit for the  
Waiting on the QUEEN to arrive.  
A Marvelous  with a pinch of memery thrown in the mix!    Studios 
Cap or Cap? With     
Marvel News Mash-Up (Stan Lee, Captain Marvel, Venom) 
Yeah I liked that  looked at  and said "You go finish what I started" "You make Ronda tap ou" then the hug.  is fire the best thing on  period    When  &  meet  
The Captain Marvel Prelude is a 2 issue series. That's how they solicited it and the issue out this week is 1 of 2. 
Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel 
This is the tale of how one of the worst stories of all time helped influence the direction of  for many years while also leading in a rise of women in criticism and fandom. 
COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY A 
Liked on YouTube: Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
um filme que ta esperando muito lançar pra ver — captain marvel, estou sedenta https://curiouscat.me/biproerd/post/688177919?t=1542067256 …
150 Days To Go   
“Be the stars we were always meant to be.” Thanks to Savannah at  for the beautiful work. Thanks to  &  for the inspiration and good luck to .   
I won't be seeing captain marvel but I will be seeing WW2 10 times!
The trailer, along with other reports from the production of the film, show the latest take on Captain Marvel – real name Carol Danvers – is quite a departure from the comic book source material 
CAPTAIN MARVEL SQUARED. what a good. 
Nick Fury calling Captain Marvel in Infinity War 
That cat in the new Captain Marvel poster is really an alien  
Kick ass  was a charm to talk to.  at   #  
Where did you see Captain Marvel?? 
I"m not a  fan, but I think I'll read the upcoming relaunch because  is writing it.  
Captain Marvel Jr! 
 star Gemma Chan teases her  role: 
'Shazam!' Additional Photography Extended To Late December via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2FmFDv4
Captain Marvel teaser-trailer has achieved 1 Million likes on YouTube with in one week. Now, it's a 3rd Hollywood movie trailer and 1st Marvel Studios' standalone movie trailer that has achieved 1 Million likes with in one week.  
This is how  should be revealed. 
Marvel fans this week: CAPTAIN MARVEL!!  DC fans this week: BATMAN’S PENIS!!
First press conference for  with  in front of an International press team at Sony Studios. Rune is playing Kree Starforce member  in the 2019  featuring     
Haha yep.  Essentially, to put it into perspective, we will have seen #CaptainMarvel , finished #GameofThrones and seen the last stand against Thanos in #Avengers4 .  But hey, if the second season is anything like the first, WORTH IT.
Listen I kno previews can be deceiving... but Bruh captain marvel looks rushed and garbage  hopes it’s fire only cuz they saying she play a big roll in the new avengers
Who got their Marvel Gear + Goods   Box? Let's see those prints!!!   
The more about  I read the more it sounds like "Gaslighting: The Movie" 
Awesome  cosplayer  today!   
MARVEL SUPER-HEROES #12 • 1ST CAPTAIN MARVEL • NICE FINE- OR BETTER  on eBay:    
Finally done :)  i hope you like it    
Ok I figured you had to mean MCU. Because in the comics at least tony is a Man that thinks of his self as the God of Answers. Made me a little uncomfortable when they tried to shift that role to Captain Marvel in Civil War 2 
My intro of the  into the MCU would've had them playing the role that  will.    They'd swoop in and save the day, because they're the team best equipped to deal with cosmic threats, and the  would hold them in awe and reverence.
can't wait to see his final cameos in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4...RIP Stan 
Got a couple of new  figures.  And !!  Also my pupper photobombed the pic. He was curious.  
Watch the panel with Lee Pace, Chris Evans, Karen Gillan at  LIVE:          
Captain Marvel to visit  Line,  in 2019  
R.I.P Stan Lee creator of the great marvel superheroes       comikaze  comics shots universe cinematicuniverse studios  
Happy birthday to  i can't wait to see you as Captain Marvel and kill Thanos 
 makes some changes to how  got her name & powers! More details inside! - 
Captain Marvel Theory: Mar-Vell Gender-Swapped as Carol's Mother -  
Captain Marvel #3 Silver Age Marvel  Roy Thomas Fhttp://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/710-53481-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337669420&item=143012599868&vectorid=229508&lgeo=1 …
Happy early birthday !     
Meet Captain Steal-your-girl  
Just announced! Be the first to meet @captainmarvel when she makes her debut during exclusive #MarvelDayAtSea sailings in 2019!
      Captain Marvel Comics T-Shirt 
     "‘Captain Marvel’ Composer Breaks Glass Ceiling, Scoring Diversity Lags – Variety" 
@Timcast 'Is Captain Marvel Being Set Up To FAIL?!"  Is it so surprising they're trying to pull another #GhostBusters2016?
You don't mess with them and get away with it, not as long as they have each other's back.   Society
 as copycat from X-men         
gay culture is watching the captain marvel trailer until your eyes bleed
Oh yea.........there’s a Captain Marvel trailer!
While we wait for Captain Marvel premiere in March 2019, here’s Lee Pace (Ronan the Accuser) at the premiere of Marvel's 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' at the Dolby Theatre on July 21, 2014 in Hollywood, California.    
Look at this, How can you take him serious? This is suppose to be the real Captain Marvel.. He's more like Plastic Man now! 
Why Nick Fury Waited to Contact Captain Marvel in Infinity War 
Was asked to do 5 little known facts about Captain Marvel the other day.  Here we go:  The voltage of Billy Batson's and Captain Marvel's magical Shazam lightning exceeds 600,000,000,000,000,000 volts. 
NEBULA AND/OR GAMORA DESERVE TO KILL THANOS N O T CAPTAIN MARVEL NOT CAPTAIN AMERICA NOT NO ONE BUT THE 2 WOMEN HE HURT THE MOST 
Leaping from the gangway into the open door of a launching Space shuttle. This was Carol Danvers BEFORE super powers.  
  
Captain Marvel: She’s Gotta Have It
My next cosplay after MCM is done will be with the red, blue and gold Captain Marvel costume then after that hopefully I can cosplay my favourite MCU characters, Hope Van Dyne and Valkyrie (in her outfit that the Valkyries wore)! Such badass and empowering women and costumes! 
Looking to great some great exclusive caps? Hats off to ya! Midtown Comics Booth #2336 has exclusive hats with Aquaman, Captain Marvel, Dark Phoenix, and more! Featuring art from Mark Brooks, Stanley ‘Artgerm’ Lau, Ivan Reis, and more!  
Saw the new trailer for Marvels Captain Marvel and apparently her superpower is to be able to have a lot of confusing memories.
this is my strongest champion in marvel's future fight   
Captain Marvel (2019) 
Are you wondering what, exactly, 's super-powers are? Let's break it down:  
On the drawing board       
Wasn't sure which female superhero to put against Captain Marvel. Thought about Batgirl, Batwoman, Black Canary, Starfire, Hawkgirl, Catwoman -- literally everyone. But settled on DC's high-flying, super powered blond heroine in order to keep in the theme of mirroring Marvel.
Me: Its ok to be emotional and cry and feel overwhelmed sometimes  Also me: The Captain Marvel trailer should not be making me sob
Shazam!’ Director Reveals Hilarious Story About ‘Captain Marvel’ Name Confusion  
when you've been brainwashed, manipulated, turned into a weapon and they still want you to smile    
Captain Marvel has officially joined 's lineup for Marvel Day at Sea! Get all the details:    
Carol and the Jessica's. This issue is one of our Favs.     
the powerful women of the mcu  [tags: avengers, women, infinity war, captain marvel, girls] 
Iconic ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Cover Reimagined With BRIE LARSON's Carol Danvers 
I wrote this about Black Widow in 2015.  It's just as applicable to Captain Marvel in 2018. 
 is back with a new episode this week!  This week we discussed new music releases such as 6LACK and Thugger. Also Kevin Hart vs Katt, Captain Marvel, and the baby slam.  SoundCloud:   iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-cypher-podcast/id1381279393?mt=2&i=1000420546894 …pic.twitter.com/kRSe07Ol09
El teaser de  
My first day in an actual proper writers' room tomorrow so of course I'm laying out my outfit for the morning like it's my first day of school. (So far we're going with Captain Marvel Vans, black jeans, spider-man t-shirt - hoodie or dad!cardigan on top, guys?)
Captain Marvel comes out March 8th!       #2019      … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo-TCqvncKi/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=lsy1nmx7a8f4 …
Princess Sparklefists, y’all!       
I didn't just "make up" Eternals. I didn't just "make up" the Captain Marvel trailer date. When you don't have real sources, you're reduced to insulting other sites unwarranted.
130 days before  
New "Life of Captain Marvel" is really great...this is Superman: American Alien good. Retcon made total sense and the art is really well done.
Bryan Robson was the best player I have ever seen play for Albion in my lifetime. We forget how good he was when injury free. You don't get called Captain Marvel for England by the press for nothing!
People spent the whole day the other day doing that with the captain marvel trailer.  This is why the internet can't have nice things.
Me and  at the captain marvel primere 
Official: Captain Marvel is Set in 1995 
captain marvel trailer is on just threw up
whats your countdown for? — it’s for the release date of captain marvel :) https://curiouscat.me/eyelism/post/684271073?1540201653 …
AND, for you process junkies, here are the pencils and inks for that Captain Marvel variant cover for Amazing Spider-man!    
Let’s find her a captain marvel or something like that
When u assume that the audience is familiar with your new character & backstory you end up with massive confusion which results in things like this. Marvel's first trailer for Captain Marvel is one of the biggest PR/Marketing Fails they have ever had so far. 
i love that Jessica Jones s2 came out March 8 and Captain Marvel is also going to come out that day because it's Women's Day  
Yes, I am honouring my pledge to play the rest of the stream as Captain Marvel because WE HIT OUR TARGET! Thank you all who donated - and if you're still inclined to do so please go to our funding page!     
I’m glad the captain marvel film is being made because it means we are  finally getting a good green lantern movie
Watch the trailer for Marvel’s first female-led superhero flick, Captain Marvel:  
God the new Captain Marvel movie looks so good 
mckenna dressed up as captain marvel for halloween melts my heart 
Cooler heads prevail when Captain Marvel shows up and nukes both of them... putting an end to the fight and reminding us all why Monica is such an incredible badass and should really be the star of the upcoming movie. /4 
New Avi, new episode. Check out latest episode where we went in-depth with the Captain Marvel trailer, Joker news, and the RETURN OF AVATAR THE LAST AIRBENDER SoundCloud:  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-barbers-chair-network/id1179234647?mt=2&i=1000420341192 …pic.twitter.com/H8rrWoTgnX
Hey guys! We are happy to announce our next podcast: The Ladies of GoC!  In the first episode the ladies will talk about Captain Marvel, Nappily Ever After, Fantastic Beasts, Bumblebee & Birds of Prey.   If you have any questions for them, please send them below! 
my 2019 awaits for game of thrones s8, avengers 4, captain marvel (and other rumored mcu that will be released) stranger things s3, p.s. i still love you, and teotfw s2.
That's just silly.  And no brown?  My top 10 by hair color: Blonde: Captain Marvel  Black: Wonder Woman  Brown: Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew) Kitty Pryde Rogue  Red: Rachel Grey Jean Grey  White: Storm  Changing: Thor (Jane Foster) - Brown/Blonde She-Hulk - Brown/Green
@ManaByte Jeremy, will we see Captain Marvel in the Avengers 4 trailer when it drops since, despite you thinking she’ll be dusted, she’s in the promo art of that team shot from last June, which means they gotta promote her in the A4 marketing to help her movie make bank globally?
HI YOURE FUCKING GORGEOUS
started from the bottom, now we’re here   
Collection of Comic Book Covers Templates                    
OMG Jess in the pages of .  Thanks  and !
Captain Marvel did it ! 
storm/wonder woman starfire/captain marvel 
FOX showed us an awesome Dark Phoenix trailer the other night that said February 14, and just a day later they move it to June. Dammit.   Ah well, at least it will clear all the CBM logjam in the first 5 months of 2019 (Captain Marvel, Shazam, Hellboy, Avengers 4).
I can't stand with a Justice League without Captain Marvel or Hal Jordan
I know it’s all Avengers 4 hours rn on stan twitter but I’m still so so excited for Captain Marvel there’s just so much cool stuff that’s gonna be in it ahhhhhhhh
Aposto algo significativo que a captain Marvel vai desaparecer na cena pós créditos do filme dela..
Best Thread on the face of Planet Twitter in the cyber universe for all you  fans out there.    Studios       exclusive    
Can folks from  PR marketing team help with this?  Our friend has been covering your film since the announcement and an opportunity to meet the team would be an amazing thank you for the YEARS of free coverage he’s given you. 
CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT ON THE DAY OF MY FIRST EXAM OH NO 
Wait till Captain Marvel shows up. 
Stan Lee’s cameos in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 are gonna be the greatest things in the world to see now
My most recent and most touching tattoo. Which is the image of Captain Marvel comforting a young girl who is terminally I'll. This came from Shazam! The Power of Hope by  and . It's probably my all time favorite tattoo and means alot to me.
BRIE LARSON'S New ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Photo Includes NSFW Easter Egg - 
customer was rocking a captain marvel purse 
Oh shit The Marvel Incels are just as bad as DCs Snyderverse incels. Jeez. Some of these YouTube hot takes on Captain Marvel
y’know, if your hair was still blonde, i’d totally say captain marvel! but, with the red, you might make a cool nb matt murdock (daredevil)! 
New Aquaman Mythology Coming From Captain Marvel Writer  
god, there’s so many things im looking forward to in the next couple of months/next year: wreck it ralph 2 spiderman: into the spidey verse resident evil 2 remake last of us 2 tdp season 2 captain marvel
This movie is gonna get beaten up by Captain Marvel and Peele's Us. I can imagine this movie making a lot of money during spring break, where it will be up against Dumbo.   All this movie needs to do to be a success is to make the same amount of money that Rango made.
I'm afraid for this Aquaman and Captain Marvel. They shouldn't flop abeg.
All the easter eggs and references we found in the  trailer 
2019: Toy Story 4, Detective Pikachu,  Sonic the Hedgehog, Angry Birds 2, Captain Marvel, Joker... 
2019 is really going to be something.  Not sure I’m ready for it.   March -  April/May -  /  July - :          
This Secret Invasion storyline really explored the darker side of Carol. I like her even more for it.  
I'm ready  #CaptainMarvel
In the theater after the Captain Marvel trailer the twink sitting next to me whispered 'Captain Marvel is a woman????'
Today in  History,  the talking tiger and mentor to , Mister Tawky Tawny, first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures #79. September 26, 1947 
Cap Neptune in 7H and be all means PLEASE get me in on a Wonder Woman movie or Captain Marvel   Or anything with Jason Momoa so I can meet the man of my dreams 
A drawing of "Captain Marvel" Patreon:             
‘If I have to kill you to stop you, I’m fine with that.’ Absolutely love this photo of my handmade Captain Marvel cosplay. Photo by           
One piece of solace is that the Dark Phoenix film will beat Captain Marvel to the RIP Stan Lee.
In all honesty tho, wonder woman and captain marvel give me so much more confidence in myself
Which one are you most excited for?   
She's coming.... Halloween (and Friday for a trunk or treat)     
After last months jaw dropping ending I am so excited for The Life Of Captain Marvel tomorrow by  . This is a powerful story about a Hero with real feelings and real problems. Dont miss it TRUE BELIEVERS!
"What brought me to this film was Carol."   
Captain Marvel is coming to Marvel Summer of Super Heroes at Disneyland Paris! Learn more:  
gay rights! -my captain marvel shoes and rainbow socks 
I hope we will still see him in CAPTAIN MARVEL, AVENGERS 4 and FAR FROM HOME.
Captain Marvel teaser-trailer has crossed 1 Million likes and 40 Million views on YouTube.  
Marvel’s favorite Super Heroes return to teach the benefits of friendship, co-operation and heroism, in Season 2 of "Marvel Super Hero Adventures," premiering Monday, October 22nd on Disney Junior, Disney Channel and in the DisneyNOW app.  
Real  men  stan    too!    Love you, you’re gonna crush it in March!  Thanks for being such a great inspiration - and soon, a perfect role model for my sister! Now, go get Thanos...  
Captain Marvel went out tonight busting out of Carol Danver's street clothes.  I was so excited to be my favorite comic character.    
the captain marvel trailer was only released a month ago and i’m already craving more carol content
Thanks  for Making our childhood  and  . R.I.P.   ForeverOne  Forever        s  
 has released MCU's official timeline. The timeline comes as part of the Marvel Studios: The First 10 Years sourcebook and it doesn't include  yet, but we already know the movie takes place in 1995.  Check out the timeline: 
Yeah man I’m sure he is in a better place now
Who else can’t wait to see Captain Marvel wreck Thanos and make him pay?
Live recording a new episode of  with     venom, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Joker movie and all the things! 
I’m just saying if Coulson in , ,  (ie. Dead) etc. is the real Phil Coulson and then the Agent Coulson on  is a skrull it would tie up a LOT of loose ends.
We doin full blown Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 Analysis Friday morning. Day of idc
Alex Ross’ Cover to Captain Marvel #1 in January https://ift.tt/2P9E4Rt
captain marvel
One of my favourite buys at   
I find it cool that the new Doctor and Captain Marvel made their entrances falling through roofs #Lucky13LiveTweet #DoctorWho⁠ ⁠ #TARDIS⁠ ⁠ #TARBIS
I love this woman so much. She’s using her position to do great things. I can’t wait to see  
So good to see Nick Fury again with Captain Marvel and Far From Home 
Captain Marvel Captain Marvel Wonder Woman Wonder Man Power Girl Powers Boothe Skeets 
Commission of Captain Marvel! Not too happy with it, but I get to draw Carol again :P     comics
On the one hand: waits for heckin    On the other hand: WHY should I HAVE to wait for heckin ?  Fuck it! WHY should I have 2 wait 2 whole years between kickass female hero movies?  Men bloody well don’t  *riots*  *pays for the damage*   
Captain marvel Reshoots set photos    
 This is artist C C Beck’s depiction of Billy Batson’s transformation to .  He would hand these out in comic cons. 
I won't be seeing ww2 but i will be seeing Captain Marvel
My lineup for ! I’ll be Dark Phoenix on Friday, Captain Marvel Saturday and Scarlet Witch on Sunday. I really hope Chris Claremont likes my Phoenix cosplay! Looking forward to seeing some of you there     
 is perfect   [  ]
Leaked  Art May Reveal Captain Marvel's New Weapon -  
captain marvel: h-  thanos: 
my lock screen was the captain marvel fan art done by bosslogic for months but it was time for a change and i’m so in love with this fan art (by joe quinones) 
please god if you’re out there, if you’re listening please don’t let captain marvel be a disappointing movie...please 
As Captain Marvel at work for Halloween! What costume did you wear? 
here's me radiating captain marvel's power. 
Paying homage to the true Superhero ... He gave us adventures, excitement, Good vs Evil... You'll never be forgotten... R.I.P. Captain Marvel 
Not at all... I know the MCU is going full PC starting with Captain Marvel. Ialready let go of it... Thank you Disney for killing another franchise.
The true Captain Marvel  
I don’t apologize for asking the top general in the Air Force about a movie about an Air Force fighter pilot. Dudes can be pumped for Captain Marvel too. This isn’t a movie for women, it’s a movie starring a woman for general audiences.
Rumors are that Marvel is making a Nick Fury show. I figure it needs to be set in the present day since we're already going to see the young Nick Fury in Captain Marvel and those de-aging effects seem expensive.
Out next week!  THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4!  By , , , , , and !  Cover by !
Shadowcat Spider-Man Storm Wolverine Magick Colossus Elasti-Girl The Flash (Barry Allen) Mirage (Dani Moonstar) Captain Marvel (Billy Batson)  (Incidentally, this would also make a great super team.)
The club kept us waiting  but  have finally confirmed that Captain Marvel has re-signed for 2019. I will drink to that tonight! 
R.I.P. Stan Lee, the real Captain Marvel 
Eh, early April will give it minimum MCU contact. Captain Marvel might be at the tail end of it's run and by the time Avengers 4 starts Hellboy would have already had three weekends or so under it's belt.
I knew it!  
men really out there disliking captain marvel because her suit is covering her whole body. men are what? trash.
Daredevil  Miss America Moon Knight  Hawkeye  Iron Man Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Thor Hulk/Bruce Banner  Quake 
Captain Marvel, Frozen 2, Mary Poppins Returns. 
deal about it. I guess with the turmoil taking place right now, people need hope the Avengers are doing what we can to save every. News Outlets have been harassing me constantly. “Captain Marvel, Captain Marvel, Captain Marvel.” And as much as I love being Captain Marvel, I need
we might be getting new coulson and fury funko pops for the captain marvel release IM YELLING 
captain marvel won the poll, thank you for giving me this joy 
Some cool tidbits from the  Visual Dictionary on .  Maybe we see the  in ?  And Ronan slept in  blood?      
Top student from  who came up with the best  name.                 
" We will be the stars we were meant to be "  It's such an honour to cosplay such a great and badass woman! Pic by Bruno Martin    Cosplay    FR  
Captain Marvel Meet & Greet to Debut During 2019 Marvel Day at Sea Cruises https://goo.gl/fb/jvZbn1
 Captain Marvel inspiration is the Kelly Sue DeConnick run? The one that got cancelled due to low sales? Hopefully the only "inspiration" is the title.  
THIS IS HUGE.  Prelude. 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/cCxSL47KD78?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL - OFFICIAL TRAILER
Rank Up Complete! CAPTAIN MARVEL is now 5★.  http://smarturl.it/gzcav2
Stop trying to make everyone care about captain marvel
Honestly I'd be fine if the first 30 min was Captain Marvel and the avengers taking down Thanos and the other 2 1/2 hours was Carol and the gang doing karaoke 
Me after the concert : right. I can now die in peace. Calendar : Fantastic Beasts out in a month, Captain Marvel in 5, HTTYD next year, Av- Me : okay nevermind I take that back. Guess I'll die later
It's time...he has been doing the character 10 years. Marvel is about to release the next wave of actors to take over MCU. Spiderman Black Panther Captain Marvel etc. Cap Iron Man Hulk Thor etc hanging it up
Preview de Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel - Halloween Spooktacular #1 par , , , , Mario Del Pennino,  et Keiren Smith chez    http://www.buzzcomics.net/showpost.php?p=1771248&postcount=1 …pic.twitter.com/argmLWlqfU
Captain America? No. Captain Marvel? Who? Captain Lauren Yer_Grrl? Our hero
CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer (2019) https://youtu.be/moY78qMJuxM
Who is Jude Law playing? Where did Captain Marvel get her powers? We miss Samuel L. Jackson! #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2BgFy7O
151 days  
'Jumanji' Sequel To Start Filming On January 21st In Atlanta - Adds 'Captain Marvel' Art Director - []
This is a MARVELOUS family.       
Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 
Just seen the trailer for captain marvel kinda bummed they didn’t cast @sammyjostimpson but I’ll still see it
Captain Marvel meet-and-greet character to join fellow Avengers at Disney California Adventure https://trib.al/ESEf1wg
Re que lo voy a ver antes en Captain Marvel pero eso es otro tema
Captain Marvel - SaberCreative 
For clarity, the 2nd pic is him taking on a depowered Superman (who was still able to lift heavy objects like cars), 3rd pic is Manta surviving a beatdown by Mazahs (evil analogy for Captain Marvel/Shazam).
Inktober day 6 - Nick Fury  Looking forward to seeing how he gets his eye patch in Captain Marvel.  I also did a version with some color too.       ing   
#MCU Schedule as of 11-15-2018  Captain Marvel: 112 days * Avengers 4: 168 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 231 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: The Universal Church Of Thanos.
 I can't even hahahaha  
#DarkPhoenix #CaptainMarvel #Wonderwoman can you say another white hero movie. #Yawn All the heroes are white blah blah yada yada ya. that captain marvel trailer sucks.
YAS! The Avengers vs The Sentry In today’s The Sentry #5!!   Thor: “Aye.  and I do not wish to hurt you.”  
It's really superb Good morning guys  #CaptainMarvel
. Star  Shares A New Image From The Movie To Encourage Her Fans To Vote  
Wish i could Use the Time stone to watch these movies .  - Venom  - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4  - Spiderman - Far from Home  - Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 - Black Panther 2. - Shazam  - Aquaman  - Bumblebee
Hill probably was the responsible for helping Steve breaking into The Raft to save the other heroes. Also we also her and Fury going underground in order to bring The Avengers together, because if they can do it they'll never have to call "her" which clearly means Captain Marvel. 
Have a “Marvel-ous” Saturday out there folks!! Swing by   and check out what I have available during my online only NYCC FOMO Sale!! Ends tomorrow!!!   
When the craft table upped their game and replaced the normal Hot Pockets with Croissant Pockets ° ° ° ° °    s  s  s @captainmarvel_ig 
The Danvers family secret finally revealed and it will change everything for  in the new issue of  from    and  my review 
“What!? No! We can't beat up woman! That's Captain Marvel's job!  You know, she beat an Old woman? ”  Smh. 
Kate Bishop, Rescue, Captain Marvel...I like this #Avengers4
The next  comic is out next month, a new comic run starts in January, we are getting a separate one-shot in February, and a movie in March. Wow, the  really are winning
More to come on this hat :3  
There's the Characters I want: Marvel - Captain Marvel  DC - Cassandra Cain (Batgirl)  The characters they'll most likely do: Marvel - Iron Man/Thor/Captain America  DC - Wonder Woman
'Captain Marvel' Photo Accidentally Leads Fans To Phone Sex Hotline:   
Check out alternate designs of the Captain Marvel pager from Infinity War!   
Good news - we are closer to Captain Marvel release than Infinity War release! https://ift.tt/2IEwXhi
Captain Marvel jr. knows the score.   Also today I learned there was a Captain Marvel jr.  
Progress in Hollywood is slow and sporadic, but I was struck by something today.  We saw “Venom,” and seven trailers played: “Creed II,” “Aquaman,” “Bumblebee,” “Alita,” “Spider-Verse,” “Glass” and “Captain Marvel.”  Number of times the lead/title character was a white man: zero.
Captain Marvel is gonna end with Ronan the accusor being lowered into a coffin....to be resurrected at the beginning of Guardians of the Galaxy 1.
I was Captain Marvel yesterday for a Halloween street parade and it was so much fun! I got to ride in a Ferret too thanks to my friend Cam Can't wait to do a proper shoot in this costume, what do you think? 
imagine if Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman And Birds of Prey all game out in the same year. They’d all be big af.
HI i just came back to my fan account to say WHAT IF THE POST CREDITS SCENE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FEATURE THE A-FORCE. MY BODY IS SHAKING RN
Wait second? People are actually complaining about Captain Marvel punching an old lady in the trailer? Ahhh...must...not...type....snarky...response... 
'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Confirmed To Be Set In 1995  
Origin story and 1st appearance of Captain Marvel, later renamed Shazam! 
We can’t wait!   
More Carol swag! And a bonus Amber.  
When you say the word in CODBO4 via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2P30erQ
what if at the end of A4 it says "captain marvel will return" instead of the avengers
Before you see her in ": Secret Warriors," get to know the powerful  in a new  bonus! Watch:   
New Avengers Season 5 is amazing!      
96 people voted for me to get a captain marvel backpack and that’s what I did! I started sweating because it was so expensive, but the lady in line behind me whispered “good choice” and I knew she was right 
Once again we are proud as punch that the great @SusanontheLedge joined @RandomMnky with Ren, @ThomasConnorsJr and Harvey Cthulhu for Ladies Night last night. Great show! #CaptainMarvel Trailer, Bert & Ernie, #MaryPoppins - Ladies Nighthttps://youtu.be/gBkTzDPLNuc
Omg the captain marvel trailer in IMAX is really something else
OMG !! Marvel Artist  just did a movie version of his iconic  cover!!!!!!! 
I'm kinda mad she didn't get this before Captain Marvel! I feel like we aren't as interested in her storyline anymore cause it's been so long. But I hope it's done well because she deserves it
From MCU's Captain Marvel comic prelude 
thinking abt: molly’s captain marvel socks
You did not even wait the release of the upcoming biggest movies of 2019, Captain Marvel and most of all the Avengers 4. However, we will miss you  forever and always. 
Mr Lee. Thank you for giving us an escape, giving us hope, and letting us all have fun. To you, your colleagues and partners who have gone before you, thank you. We love you, we’ll miss you.       
remember when Deadpool married Captain Marvel
My    reading list. I'll be sampling some    / , and . Some new, some old; some bad, some good; some dark, some funny!
anyone else wishing they had new captain marvel footage on this monday
Yes love all things Marvel!  That ending of #InfinityWar  Looking forward to #CaptainMarvel in March! As well as Avengers 4!
Can’t wait for all the dudes to analyze the shit out of Captain Marvel and prove it’s a “bad movie” by nitpicking every detail about superhero movies that they’ve let slide for 15 years of male superhero movies
Captain Marvel Is Crash Landing Into Disney's California Adventure Park 
Can't wait to see  and  "young" again!  http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …
Only 162 days until captain marvel and 218 days until avengers 4 but’s who’s counting!?
Now with the retconning I don't think they are rehabing her character, or doing her any favors by trying to make her more worthy of the Captain Marvel title. It should've gone back to Monica. There's a character who was charming, beautiful, smart, and powerful.
IMPOSSIBLE INCORPORATED CAPTAIN AMERICA ANNUAL USAGI YOJIMBO WEST COAST AVENGERS RIVERS OF LONDON DAMAGE IMMORTAL HULK LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL PEARL SAVAGE DRAGON BATMAN DAMNED Comic Books!  Comic books are good.
We support  no matter what, but Carol's bff  is confirmed to appear in the series so it's double incentive to pick it up! 
The Litigious History of DC and Marvel’s Rival Captain Marvel Characters —  
Working on new  this morning, posting in a little while! 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/3T42nlM-r3c?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL - MCU END GAME?? - The Reel Cast Podcast
From #CaptainMarvel to #StanAndOllie: Watch this week's trailers:http://thr.cm/FuqjPs
"Captain Marvel should smile more" is the most blatantly obvious trolling attempt I've ever seen, so naturally it worked.
The Ladies of GoC podcast is here!   In our first episode we talk Captain Marvel, Nappily Ever After, Fantastic Beasts and more. Be sure to listen and let us know what y'all think!   Spotify:    iTunes:  
I so want this  hoodie.  
I watched the  trailer again and I started to sob. 
Yeah, over 24 hours later and the  trailer still gives me chills.   Get up and get up again and get up again, then make a fist and punch what knocks you down. I'm here for Carol Danvers all day. 
WHO IS CAROL SUSAN JANE DANVERS aka CAPTAIN MARVEL  a thread  
Wow guys captain Marvel or Zero I am gonna watch at Delhi Saket now as  is coming here.  .
I’m all for Captain Marvel and she’s gonna be badass but if she’s who ends up killing Thanos instead of an OG (Cap, Tony, Thor, etc..) it was basically make the first 10 years of the MCU pointless in my book. 
Say what you want about the new Captain Marvel trailer, but transitioning from Her to Hero was slick af.
GUYS OMG I’VE JUST REALIZED THAT MY HAIR LOOKS MORE LIKE CAPTAIN MARVEL’S NOW OMGISKCJOX 
A Marvel Comics lançou a hq 'Captain Marvel Prelude # 1',a Capitã Marvel não aparece na HQ,nela Nick Fury mostra a Maria Hill o pager pela primeira vez. Ele diz a Hill que quer evitar ao máximo ter que ligar para ela, e que este será seu último recurso. 
What did you think of our  inspired  tutorial last Saturday?
Oh, @79SemiFinalist is excellent! She's also writing Jessica Jones, and soon Captain Marvel! As a non-American, I had only a vague idea of who Nancy Drew was, btw. So I'm aware it's a very new take but I had no preconceptions. I hope you love it as much as I do.
If Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) and Phantom stranger got a team up series. would you read it? and if so, what would yo… — OF COURSE! I'd love it! I feel like those two would mesh really well together; Stranger aiding Billy with his ancient w… https://curiouscat.me/talkphantom/post/690362393?1540710722 …
Probably the last time I’ll be wearing this tatty old thing before I make a new one???   
razones para estar viva: captain marvel, avengers 4 y far for home
Captain Marvel: The Movie Will Be Set In 1995 - Confirmed   https://lrmonline.com/?p=121752 pic.twitter.com/1u6PsPMDyp
okay, but where can I get that Captain Marvel sweater? :D
Here's everything you need to see from this week’s epic trailers including , , , , and . What are you most excited about? 
On the left is what someone did when Captain Marvel didn’t smile enough. On the right is what someone did when Superman didn’t smile enough. Tell me, which is worse? 
Men reacting to our first  trailer. It’s really powerful! Myself included AAAA 
reading captain marvel is making me so happy
don’t forget about avengers 4 & captain marvel 
Captain Marvel is Coming to Disney's California Adventure        
CAPTAIN MARVEL: BRAVER & MIGHTIER #1 JODY HOUSER (W) • SIMONE BUONFANTINO (A) • Cover by VALERIO SCHITI  32 page One Shot. You can't even let the rebooted series get of it's feet with issue 2 and already a side book is coming out. Nobody will buy this when there are 1$ reprints 
THOR SUPERMAN HULK  Shazam Captain Marvel 
Who run the world?  
I have to rewatch that badass Captain Marvel trailer after reading this.
A new Avengers 4 theory posits Nick Fury sees the future in Captain Marvel.  It would explain a lot of weird things in the MCU so far...   
i will be seeing exactly 3 of these and yes they are captain marvel, avengers annihilation, and the lion king 
AND THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AFTER ?? YESSSSS BITCCH
I don't know if we ever shared the colored images from the new Captain Marvel #1 coming out in January, but here they are!     (apologies, I'm not sure who is lettering)
It’s that kind of a day!  Monday
im literally so excited for captain marvel
The Next Captain Marvel 
he’s on his way to defeat thanos he’s more powerful than captain marvel 
"I'm not what you think I am"     Shirt available at 
OH NY GOF THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER EXISTS FOR REAL, THIS JUST HIT ME
in 4 days it'll be a month since the captain marvel trailer
we're really living in a world in which we get to see captain marvel on the big screen huh.... wow
I hope in the next trailer Captain Marvel punches an entire Bingo hall's worth of old ladies IDGAF
Nothing but respect for MY Captain Marvel 
Tweeting because it's amazing & obviously won't last forever. Thank you for the support everyone - it's largely thanks to you guys that I'm here.  Sabrina  Captain Marvel  Uncanny X-Men  Jessica Jones   Mr. & Mrs. X  West Coast Avengers  Nancy Drew
Remember that Captain Marvel trailer? That was awesome.
Particularly proud of so many of 's new comics today... Return of Wolverine #1! Life of Captain Marvel #3! Soldier Supreme #1! Amazing Spider-Man Annual! Avengers #8! Captain America Annual! Edge of Spider-Geddon #3! Hulk #6! Thor #5! Venom #6! WCA #2! Multiple Man #4!
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/jicxkL3kfLc?a  Will Captain Marvel Have Black Panther Or Ant-Man 2 Box Office Results?
The latest issue of The Life of Captain Marvel shakes up the character's origin story even more  
i love captain marvel with all my heart but ONLY NEBULA is allowed to kill thanos give her the justice she rightfully deserves 
Binary..you know that time Ms Marvel got powered by a white hole and went on cosmic adventures... 9x12 freehand pen and ink    _daily       friday  2018
RIP Stan Lee, 95. Hope your Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel cameos are a happy fairwell! Going to miss his Marvel cameos and the man himself. 
New photos from reshoots for Captain Marvel!     
It's a work in progress and it's gonna be a looong process but...  ? 
Me watching captain marvel and seeing “ in memory of stan lee” 
Another episode of the lifestyle show you never wanted is out already. OZChris Eats The Universe Episode 3: Captain Marvel Toast. And later today, the next episode of Whatchu Toku About? Reviews comes out. Full of worries, fruit Jesus, and dark sides.  
I’m curious of what you think of this match up: Captain Marvel/Shazam versus Wonder Woman. I’m still going Wonder Woman, but I think it’ll be a tougher fight for her. 
captain marvel  - rt/like if saved -  
The history of Captain Marvel is almost impossible to tell and her importance is difficult to describe, so thank goodness for this thorough effort by  to explain why you should be excited.
¿Están listos para el estreno de ? Descúbranlo con este test y compartan su resultado:  
And it’s going to be one AMAZING movie!!   
Check out  Super-Heroes #12 1ST  1967 68-Page Giant! Movie coming!    via 
captain marvel post credit scene is peter parker being revealed as a skrull
Highlights from Saturday's Avengers panel at ACE (via )        
This has more meaning than the whole Captain Marvel Film. 
Did you catch these Easter eggs in the first Captain Marvel trailer?   
And captain marvel's helmet 
The  trailer has now made over 1.5X what the 1st Wonder Woman trailer and 2.78X what the 1st Ant-Man and the Wasp trailer did on YouTube. Yeah, people can assume Ant-Man 2 numbers for Captain Marvel, but, I remain confident it can pull a  and do $1BWW.
135   Days Until    Captain Marvel 
The redhead behind Ironman l, is that Captain Marvel?
Look Mom, I’m a superhero.  
Scientist turned Superhero.   
PROUD OF MY GIRL    
In 2003, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) appeared in Avengers #66 with Black Panther http://marvelexplorer.github.io
I just love her.  
I would agree if the time gap between Captain Marvel and A4 was bigger. It's less than 2 months (assuming A4 gets moved to late April as we suspect will happen). Disney won't allow a 2 month hype window for a possible 2B film. Teaser trailer will hit before Captain Marvel debuts.
I love the art of the new Captain Marvel run  
I keep forgetting that Marvel has pinned the future of the Avengers on Captain Marvel and when I do remember it makes me sad. 
Just got this AMAZING  costume in from  !  Link in the comments!  @ Winter Park, Florida https://www.instagram.com/p/BqYbnsZDbPb/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1e3bes63w8dz0 …
Until he makes a cameo on  this will be Stans latest Cameo. 
Even with my back against the wall, I never give up.     
1. Please include a bathroom break intermission or that's just mean to post-maternity women 2. Head's up, I'm gonna need about 2.5 of those hours to be Captain Marvel 
please marvel let the post credit scene of captain marvel be two skrulls shapeshifting into clint and wendy
You've watched the  trailer, but have you watched nine Carol Danvers punch nine old ladies in the face at once? 
New   for  (week of 10/17/18) Thread!   #4     Cover A -  Cover B -   Cover C -      (Cont)
"Captain Marvel Is Cancelled" "Black Panther is dead" "Avengers two still exists"
captain marvel on her way to whoop thanos’ ass 
Here's the thing: Scott Pilgrim's soundtrack is still so dang good. I can't stop thinking about this dumb movie after rewatching it recently. Or the fact that it starred both Captain Marvel and Captain America as baddies!!   2010 was a wild time.
Happy birthday to , !!!
i did a captain marvel makeup look... should i post it or nah
I agree with Jahns here. People do not know who Captain Marvel is like they do Wonder Woman which is why I hate the "19 male led movies" argument and Marvel needed to hook us more than just "here's our big female hero!"  https://youtu.be/fENba3XhxUg
It's so great to see such a well-deserved positive reaction to  #4 today for  The series is amazing and we love it! We hope you all tuned in to the podcast yesterday to hear Margaret talk about all things  
Marvel Studios drops the Captain Marvel trailer in the morning when everyone is awake and can see it.  Fox drops the Dark Phoenix trailer in the middle of the night when everyone is sleeping. 
2019:  - Captain Marvel - Avengers 4 - Game of Thrones S8 - Toy Story 4 - Star Wars IX - John Wick 3 - Agents of SHIELD S6 - The Punisher S2 - Jessica Jones S3 - Atlanta S3 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine S6 - Shazam! - Watchmen - The Mandalorian(?) - Disney+ streaming launches  I’m ready
Meta de amizade: Captain Marvel e Spider-Woman  
Are we just going to ignore: Avengers 4 It chapter 2 Captain Marvel Zombieland 2 Star Wars 9 and Hellboy 
Got it, this old woman is the face of old Britain voting for Brexit and Captain Marvel the young intelligent saying wtf.  ?
"If we make Indian content, we have to put Shah Rukh Khan. He has to be in it," Stephen Wacker -- Vice President of Creative Development at Marvel #Avengers4 #AvengersInfinityWar #CaptainMarvel  A Dream For Which Billions of Indians are waiting @iamsrk shud be in the MCU.
The men complaining about Captain Marvel’s “expressionless” face are the same assholes who invade a woman’s personal space to tell them to smile 
Oh look, its that blurry Andy Park Captain Marvel art we saw over a year ago, but its not blurry anymore. AND its prime thumbnail material!  
 and Avengers 4 movie team! (Fan art by ellejart on IG) 
I hope Stan Lee got to see a copy of Infinity War part 2 and Captain Marvel before he passed because if he didn’t I’d be really bummed
विषय @VasundharaBJP को नकारने या स्वीकारने का नहीं है, विषय तो #कांग्रेस_मुक्त_भारत करने का है और उसके लिए राजस्थान तैयार है। आप भी कहाँ डूबती नांव में सवारी कर रही हैं, आइये @BJP4India में और आज अजमेर में @narendramodi जी की सभा से शुरुआत कर सकती हैं। #ModiFor2019
Marvel Comics Getting Later - Black Order, Captain Marvel, Wolverine, Ms Marvel and Ironheart 
Nick Fury waiting to call Captain Marvel now instead of before makes sense now
New avenger, for new age.    
8. Captain Marvel (DC)  I love his concept, he’s a kid who tries to be good and that eventually pays off, but his innocence sometimes on the fights, or his enthusiasm and his passion for being a great symbol inspired me
I know I’m very behind in my movie watching, but I just finished Infinity War and I’m rather dissatisfied. Not even sad, more like “what did I just watch?”  Save this franchise, Captain Marvel!
avengers 4, spiderman: far from home, captain marvel, kingsman 3,,,,,can’t wait for my life to end in 2019
Captain Marvel will crush evil male Patriarchy!   +   = aptainMarvel
Purr-fect hero duo: 's cat  Chewie (as seen in the new movie poster) has a very bizarre history in  comics!  Read more in my  article here:     cc  Studios  
Fanart of some of my fave IPs      
Like , there are a lot of heroic female fighter pilots in real life, too! 
Preview: THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 by Stohl, Pacheco, Fonteriz, D'Urso, Menyz & Cowles      
There’s a scene in the Captain Marvel trailer... 
There's only one Captain Marvel and her name is Carol Danvers. 
I'm already suspicious of Davis... He survived Aida and we're soon about to learn about shapeshifting Aliens in Captain Marvel
What are you talking about there was no Captain Marvel before Carol.... heck Superman didn't exist either.... just don't mention Monica Rambeux
Rocking it  style on !        cosplay     
Look at young Coulson for Captain Marvel. I miss him 
My CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 variant cover has been revealed by  at .
Day 61 of my 100 Days of Halloween drawing challenge: Hulk dressed in a Ben Cooper Spider-Man costume! Via the cover of Marvel Superhero Adventures: Captain Marvel-Halloween Spooktacular #1 by Jacob Chabot  
 and  and go deep in the paint to discuss all things spiderman for PS4    
Alright universe. I’m purposely going to see this shitty Venom movie on. This shitty day so I can see the Captain Marvel trailer in IMAX. Please don’t fail me.
3) Is Kirby Captain Marvel?
Ecco dei nuovi scatti dal set di Captain Marvel http://dlvr.it/QrkP8t
i love that captain marvel is a thing because now marvel is actually gonna have to make toys/merch of a woman
Green lantern was so damn bad and that captain marvel movie is going to be just like it
Captain Marvel, now with inKREEdible colors by ! Print available at  2018, table D32! Get yours!          artistalley  
CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer: http://youtu.be/K-0XBBRHmI8?a  via @YouTube
saw this comment under the captain marvel trailer,, cant wait for carol to shut these people up because shes the strongest mcu character and thats that! 
"I'm not what you think I am"︽✵︽     
I can’t wait to see captain marvel and Thanos throwing planets at each other
sometimes i forget that the captain marvel trailer is already out
Re-doing this ‘cause I want mutuals  RT if you stan: -MCU -Friends -Mamma Mia -Shane & squad -Tom H x2 -ST -OUAT -HP -Seb Stan -Peggy -Captain Marvel -Loki -Bucky -Spiderman -Iron Man -Zendaya -Thorbruce -Taika Waititi -Jeff Goldblum -Scott Lang -Ariana Grande  I follow back
YES CAPTAIN MARVEL PUNCHED AN OLD LADY BC IT’S A SKRULL NOT AN ACTUAL OLD LADY DAMN YALL ANNOYING ME AF
I’m tired of people quoting this saying they won’t see Captain marvel because of Loki’s death... it’s funny that non of you are planning to skip a4 
TRAILER VIEWS 2019 (actualizado)  1  45,8M 2  27,2M 3  26,5M 4  24,5M 5  21,8M 6  21,0M 7  20,0M 8  18,7M 9  15,4M 10  13,0M 
Wait. Who?   
Portada variante de Adam Hughes para Captain Marvel #1 y página de la que será la artista regular de la serie, Carmen Carnero, con la historia de Carol Danvers!   -Dan Defensor.-  #CaptainMarvel #AdamHughes #CarmenCarnero #MarvelComics
In 119 days, FOUR MONTHS.. a new hero is born!  March 8th, 2019. 
Love this.  contributor  created a  set to the music of Hans Zimmer's  theme.  
media: maybe we'll see Pepper as Rescue in IW2! my brain: IW2 is just gonna be Captain Marvel calling in all the girlfriends™ like "the bois fucked up real big this time now let's get to business" then they beat Thanos ass in 2mins
Other than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4, I am excited to witness Sebastian Stan as White Wolf in MCU
IT FINALLY ARRIVED.   
THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL is an essential Carol story and I'm so proud to have been part of it. Margie, Carlos, Erica and Marguerite are making big changes to Carol's mythos. Two issues left! And #3 just got a 2nd print--don't miss this one!! 
There's only one  and she's coming soon.
[captain marvel in avengers four]  carol: is nick fury here?   tony: he's dead  carol: and maria hill?   steve: dead dead   carol: what about coulson?   thor: super dead
Had the Avengers failed against Ulton, there was no time for “ok let me call Captain Marvel”. The city was already in the air and all it needed to do was hit the ground.
Hope to see u again in  &   Rest In Peace , King of Creators , Saviour of Childhood , Respect  sir   
This is real, was deleted. Just wow, talk about narcissism.  She looks so devastated while shamelessly promoting her clothing line Another good reason to not see the Captain Marvel movie. 
everyone is excited for captain marvel but i’m still mourning amatw for its lack of hype and appreciation
Dark Phoenix really snatched Captain Marvel’s wig with that teaser. MCU fans are so angry saying that it looks like X3 just because they can’t admit that it was cute. Just wait for the official trailer with more action and in Jean transforming in SPACE
Monica is THE Captain Marvel.  
DC: Captain Marvel (not New 52 Shazam)  Marvel: Blue Marvel 
Captain Marvel is going to be  
Carol Danvers aka  - half human, half Kree BY BIRTH as just retconned in the  comics ahead of  movie. Called it! 
Captain my Captain...      assemble infinitywar   
Marvel's  podcast hosts  and  share their favorite covers from the week, including "The Life of " 3, "Edge of Spider-Geddon" #3, and more! Watch:  
Captain Marvel isn't gonna be a revolutionary MCU movie
251 We talk about the trailer! Also     &  Some new   rumors! Loki and Scarlet Witch series coming to ?Listen here   OR   
16. Talos...as part of the Scrolls invasion in the upcoming Captain Marvel movie 
From the T-BEAR vault!       
If he already made a cameo in Captain Marvel or Avengers, I might... 
'Captain Marvel' makes subtle changes for official new logo   (via )
these bitches talking through the aquaman AND captain marvel trailers .. i dont trust them
Talking about my  tattoo! Yesterday I was working at my gym (iam a fitness instructor) and a guy came to me - “La !” (Spanish) and did  I was like
Sketch of the incomparable Carol Danvers, aka Captain Marvel!  
hmm, people are upset bc captain marvel didn’t smile in the trailer,, but they are mad bc thor was a happy movie? that kinda reminds me of those guys on the streets. ya know, those guys that tell everyone woman they see to smile?? what a coincidence
I also got to see @stardustcaroI ‘s Captain Marvel nails in person and let me tell you guys they truly are a work of art. Just looking at her nails made me even more excited for the movie. I’m not kidding.
Last nights cosmic birthday party celebrations, channelled my inner Captain Marvel   
Currently working on my Captain marvel cosplay and this tweet just made my day  thank you
1 Captain Marvel Movie Poster 2019 New, Avengers Print, Infinity war, Spider Man  
The Woman that Empowers Women and stole mens hearts around the world. But The Captain Marvel chick is....meh  
Next year's CAPTAIN MARVEL movie will be based on the recent  comics run, which protrayed the hero as a space commander-type with an Air Force background!   
I Just Want My Boy back from Titan!! Nebula better be taking Very Good Care of Him!!  or  need to get on that Rescue Quite Promptly in   CANNOT WAIT!! 
SO... it happened! #CaptainMarvel reshoots!
Lets be honest... If Avengers 4 has Captain Marvel beat Thanos by being super OP, it would suck. They need to have the final defeat played by someone old, not someone new.
'Shazam!': Zachary Levi Shares BTS Photo From Reshoots via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2QAnIly
I want Thor to beat his ass the next movie for what he did to his people and after Captain Marvel or whoever can have their way with him
That #CaptainMarvel trailer got over 100 million views in 24Hrs but y'all say I'm bugging because I said it's going to make a billi... Yeah ok.
#RIPStanLee I've heard he pretaped some cameos for Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Next Spider-Man movie, hopefully even more
Shoe WIP  
Phase 4 of The  is just going to be Kevin Feige rebooting  and  on the big screen while  and  break box office records.
The FINAL ADVENTURER in  Season 2 is.....!!  !!  He’s acted in ,  and the upcoming ... but can he take what the  throws at him in  and Flagons?!   Better be subscribed to !
FROM today’s Marvel’s  prelude comic 
Nicole Perlman, the screenwriter of Captain Marvel, tells us about her dream project, Challenger.   
ive seen the captain marvel trailer twice and cried twice. im an extremely simple woman.
AHHHH MY CAPTAIN MARVEL WALLET IS HERE!! Just waiting to get paid on Tuesday to buy the matching purse and I’ll be REAPING CM!! CAN MARCH COME ANY SOONER 
After 100 episodes of , what more is left to say? A LOT, apparently. We're talking 's big reveal, the  trailer, and  on this jam packed ep. Thanks for listening! RT's appreciated!     
I love the idea of a #CaptainMarvel movie. I don’t love the idea of “identity branding,” that divides the sexes.
days till captain marvel 
Captain Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War connections run deeper than you think   
How Infinity War would’ve ended if Captain Marvel had been there... 
Pretty sure Black Widow is 2020 and Captain Marvel 2 is 2022. Don’t expect Marvel Studios to fast track anything; they have a plan.
Im mad at how trash the captain marvel trailer was
What do you do when you have a bad day at work?   Personally, I wear my (brand new) favorite  t-shirt and impulse buy a whole bunch of stuff I know I don't really need. 
This weeks show is here! We are talking  ,  ,   and way more than we could possibly hashtag.     on 
She’s officially awake.     and she’s starting the day with a selfie.     self-promotion, people. Get your Captain Marvel T-Shirts now. 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/f08OxvBg6fI?a  Captain Marvel Trailer - New Avengers Prequel Origin Story Explained
Kamala Khan.   Captain Marvel is my ultimate feminist icon, and Squirrel Girl is just more fun and emphasizes alternate ways of defeating foes.  But Kamala has replaced Peter as the ultimate geek icon.
Majority just don’t want to work and I doubt they’re made to look for work.Just sit at home.
Can't wait to see  on the big screen! The first trailer is great!   
Fellas I get it. We’ve been programmed since birth desiring to live in a world where pretty girls smile at us. It makes us feel good. However each us should challenge that. We have to reprogram ourselves to let women be who they want to be- not wish fulfillment  
oh my god  
Chris Evans announced his retirement from Captain America's post after avengers 4. I am in tears now.          4 
please make the captain marvel post credit scene about kamala seeing carol that’s all i want 
Feeling my inner  today in the  department today!  Also sporting my favorite   every day!  Can't wait to see the talented  bring  to life on the big screen so everyone can see how  she is!
such a specific reference but in captain marvel: generations, mar-vell (who didn’t recognize carol) kept calling her car-ell and carol was so pissed abt it. fuck i wish he was alive just to be like “i fucking TOLD U that’s how u pronounce ur name”
They are a peaceful people, but I am a woman of war. If you move against them,you move against me. I am willing to die here today, for this cause. I have made my choice... Now you make yours.       ♡
Imagine Black Widow, Scarlett Witch, Captain Marvel and the Dora Milaje in one film. I’m gonna loose it when I see the next avengers! 
"Perfectly balanced..."  
Captain Marvel Will Hunt the Hulk with a Classic Team | CBR 
The first  trailer got 109 million views in its first 24 hours!  See how it compares to other MCU films   
  representing with his  shirt aswell  
's new Origin Story makes her sound a lot like Worf if he had also been genetically half human. 
I probably watched that #CaptainMarvel trailer about 7 times yesterday
Strength, energy and a believer in truth and justice!  Dave Brat! It is time to give 's newest superhero the ability to represent!  Get out and  for Abigail Spanberger!        
SOYBOYS vs THE MARY SUE: CRYING OVER THE IMPENDING FAILURE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL! Let the SJWs fight! https://youtu.be/ka4smGC4stI
Absolutely!  *rooting for ya*
- I'm not what you think I am -  
Captain America (leader) Captain Marvel (co-leader) Spider-Woman (stealth, surveillance) She-Hulk (heavy hitter) Spectrum (energy, synergistic) Blue Marvel (science / tech / heavy hitter) Ms. Marvel (being groomed as next gen leader)  (Ignore the fact that there's three Marvels) 
Beta Ray Greg Presents : #Marvel Studios #CaptainMarvel Prelude #1 - via @BetaRayGreghttps://wp.me/p9KVEm-53L
If you've not seen the  trailer yet, watch it right now. If you have, watch it again. 
Let’s hope the Captain Marvel movie prompts a new Spectrum series!
CAPTAIN MARVEL **NEW** Trailer  https://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc  #CaptainMarvel #MCU
Check out our EXCLUSIVE preview of THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4, on sale Wednesday, October 17th, from !      
We finally know which year  takes place!  
‘Captain Marvel’ Is Based On This Comic Book Story https://goo.gl/fb/VeUy71  #YBMW
More fans reacting to the  trailer! Because it feels so good! 
We took the first while you were busy filming. Figured it's appropriate here. I've added some older pictures to remind you that you've seen her before, that this little girl has been growing up immersed with Captain Marvel--you--as her role model. So thankful.  
Fun fact! Yours truly  (yes myself ) was once drawn in a  comic book  courtesy of  and ! Yea iam canon!
“The strategy is simple...punch the bad guys” Generations:  & Captain Mar-vell (2017) 
Spider-Man: Into the Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4.
‘Captain Marvel’ Prelude Comic Reveals Why Nick Fury Waited To Call Carol Danvers  
Ever think the reason women don't consume comics is because of lack of female superheroes to look up to? Notice how Black people got excited for BP? Notice how women got excited for Captain Marvel? Notice how many thinkpieces et al it has gotten? 
CAPTAIN MARVEL (2019)  DP: Ben Davis Director: Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck More Shots:   
Looking at the whole idea about there being another big threat in Avengers 4, I'm willing to theorise the possibility of the beginnings of the Skrull Invasion... You know, since Captain Marvel will be dealing with the introduction of the Skrulls and more space stuff.
It was really slick how Marvel replaced the black Captain Marvel with a blonde white one and still got the blerds to eat it up. 
We've finally got a trailer for Captain Marvel, and  has the answers to your questions!  Does Carol Danvers abuse old ladies?  Do we have any hints to how Fury lost his eye?  And how powerful is Captain Marvel compared to the rest of the Avengers?   
I can’t believe they went full infinity war and now captain marvel has to come help wynonna and Nedley save everyone 
Mug of the Day   
Can’t we get a trailer after Captain Marvel? I’d like to be in the dark with these upcoming movies. I don’t think it will hurt the sales of the movie. Also 
It is confirmed that after Life of  ends   and  will be taking over the reigns of Captain Marvel! Can’t wait for this book! 
This a friendly reminder that  is awesome and i got a tattoo of her in  suit 
do...do boys really think we want to hear their thoughts on how bland captain marvel is?
Started from the bottom now we here.   (but Scott Pilgrim is far from the bottom tbh)
I was not trying to imply that people hate Monica Rambeau. (Hence the "as Captain Marvel" part.)  My pointis that some dislike or hate the fact she was CM.   I've seen people dislike it and I've seen people rage and hate it.  But I have never seen anyone just hate Monica. 
Captain Marvel has had a script since 2012, The Eternals has been in the eye of Feige since like 2014 and Black Widow Movie was gonna be made in 2010 but the Marvel Committee said no lol 
I saw the #CaptainMarvel trailer on a GIANT screen today and I definitely for sure for real cried so whatever it’s all fine and I’m definitely okay.
from the same creators of "ronda rousey wants to be captain marvel" 
Escape Room, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, The Hidden World, Detective Pikachu, Frozen 2
This gives me so much hope...        
in this house we respect and love wonder woman AND captain marvel, two strong and independent female superhero leads who finally get their own trilogy instead of pitting them against each other every chance we get
i feel like i’m gonna cry when i see stan lee in captain marvel and avengers 4.. yea maybe i’m a weak ass bitch
“Captain Marvel is okay but I remember getting my ass kicked something awful in the last Avengers turf war so I’m gonna have to hold onto that grudge a little longer man.”
The latest  set photos confirm reshoots have begun!   
Vans – Unisex-Adult SK8-Hi Shoes, Size: 5.5 D(M) US Mens/7 B(M) US Womens, Color: (Marvel) Captain Marvel/True White 
Captain Marvel gon be such an important movie.   Like We all know this. But man
BTW  &  broke The Eternals, Black Widow news, and Captain Marvel trailer release date.. so I believe what he’s putting out there    Annihilation
captain marvel makes me feel strong and powerful and proud to be a woman that’s why i love her so much  
I sure hope @MarvelStudios shot @TheRealStanLee cameos for #CaptainMarvel and #Avengers4.
Omg so much fun!  is absolutely thrilled to share his car with our very own   herself! On their way to film Just Mercy!
Look at my beautiful girl! I just can’t get over how utterly stunning this piece is. Everyone go give  all your money. (Thanks again, Lee, I adore her; always a pleasure!)   
 is making her way to  next summer for their  Season of Super Heroes event!  
FAVE CHARACTER? #Marvel #MCU #BlackWidow #ScarletWitch #CaptainMarvel #Shuri
For our 71st birthday, Gen. Leavitt attended a special screening of  with AFDW Airmen. Both Gen. Leavitt and Capt. Carol Danvers exemplify the barrier-breaking spirit found in every generation of  Airmen 
the captain marvel vans just received a 20 euro discount on this site i'm so tempted- 
Mentally preparing myself for the emotional mess I’ll become once the credits start rolling and Stan Lee’s "In Memoriam" homage appears at the end of Captain Marvel and or Avengers 4  
The Wisdom of Solomon gives Captain Marvel the ability to speak all language, including animals and those from alien worlds.   
Captain Marvel vs Hela LEST GO! 
I was never a fan or watched anything with her, but I saw the trailer for the movie and actually thought it looked cute and interesting, but nah, I’ll keep my dollars just to see Captain Marvel over and over again in the spring.
New purse for ? Sure why not?!   
CAPTAIN MARVEL!       
At least captain marvel isn’t played by a proud soldier of a fascist ethnostate. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ DC could never. 
BREAKING THE INTERNET!  TRAILER IS NOW ON 11TH PLACE OF MOST VIEWED TRAILER IN LESS THAN 48 HOURS!!  WOW 
   please?
The Captain Marvel Prelude #1 comic book reveals why Nick Fury waited until Infinity War to contact Carol Danvers. At the end of the last Avengers movie, before Fury turns to dust with half... 
me re comics craft on  podcast ep #548 -- how characters succeed when we look for the wrong answer not the right answer  really loved talking , , + really just all things  (thanks for having me, jace!)
Bought some more prints from the incredibly talented     
OMG! Moved by the amount of people cosplaying #CaptainMarvel for Halloween parties and Comic cons!  And lot of people wearing t shirts and getting lots of merchandise! HERE WE GO #CAROLCORPS! 2019 is ours
Who’s excited for Avengers 4?            
“Hey I can see my house from up here”  
If you didn’t know who Captain Marvel was before the movie, you’re not a true Marvel fan
    UK Is It Conceivable?
i am:   gay   straight   still not over the captain marvel trailer
Still ridiculous, though. She was a fantastic Captain Marvel.
every time i watch captain marvel’s trailer i get goosebumps
In Spring 2019, two new superheroes,  and , will hit the skies from opposing sides of the DC/Marvel showdown. But at one point, they both had the same name. 
And @ixchelruiz makes an awesome Captain Marvel too!
To encourage voting during tomorrow's election,  has shared this "edited" new CAPTAIN MARVEL photo! 
Happy ! I’m currently reading Captain Marvel Vol. 1 by DeConnick & Lopez to get ready for the new  movie!  
I guess Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 will be his last cameo. You will be missed Stan Lee  RIP 
Back to Marvel for a few hours.   
I still feel like  missed a really good opportunity with their hero mashups in Infinity Wars (I still have not found out who the artist of this picture is yet. If you know please tell us!)   
War Machine: Hey Carol, in honour of you joining the Avengers, we've taken your old F-15 and painted it in your colours, red and blue  Captain Marvel: ...  War Machine: What?  Captain Marvel: Starscream. You've created Starscream.  Spider-Man: OH MY GOD RUN HE'LL KILL US ALL
Captain Marvel tho
You should cosplay Captain Marvel at the next Con! — I’m too broke to go to a con  https://curiouscat.me/WomynofMarvel/post/703547244?t=1541886928 …
First look of Captain Marvel.... In Avengers 4 
2.Captain Marvel Rumors [2]  -Bittersweet ending as Captain Marvel has her power sworn to the Kree. Promises to Fury to help humanity when he calls upon her.
FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  #Sarkar - 5Hrs   ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  #ZeroFastest50MnOnYT
Homem-Aranha Doctor Strange Captain Marvel Thor Captain American 
Avengers Infinity War: Captain Marvel end credits scene was nearly different – here’s how 
Don’t worry everyone and all my followers, as soon as my brother and Rocket Raccoon find Captain Marvel, we will defeat this manchild and his cronies and his ally, Thanos the Mad Titan. 
#ComicChaos2 championship #CaptainMarvel vs #Superman #SHPOLL18
Descubre el origen de una de las heroínas más poderosas.  interpreta a , de Marvel Studios. ¡Muy pronto en cines!  
nah he still got avengers 4 and captain marvel
Got some new stickers!  
Captain Marvel coming for Thanos like  
Even BP and Spider-Man got a supporting role in CW before getting their own films. But, Captain Marvel? Gets a movie out of nowhere, so that we could have our deus ex-machina for Avengers 4. What's so special about her anyway? oh you say she could make great poker faces? Ok then.
Marvel officially releases Captain Marvel concept art 
Okay so I went to the movies and a preview of Captain Marvel came on A BITCH IS EXCITED FOR MARCH OF NEXT YEAR.
  This piece was very challenging, but we're super happy with how it turned out : )   by   by me Also thanks to  who's been mentoring us and gave us incredible feedback in this piece!
Wow! These are the  pages from the Powers of a Girl book by  with art by 
 as Mar-Vell? Such an interesting choice!   
WHAT A DELIGHT! Our HER-O  leads the charge in today’s Unstoppable Hulk #6! Art by Lee Garbet!! PROUD 
bucky wants to raw captain marvel
Tawky Tawny was part of the set when I first met Captain Marvel. I thought he was charming, and just accepted our tweed wearing friend
Get to know Captain Marvel in this exclusive Marvel Rising: Secret Warriors featurette  
Im so stoked to be decked in my Captain Marvel gear today thanks to Darryl Young Designs super cute button and  Captain Tee. Carol Corps reporting for duty y'all!  
Compare that with the trailer for Captain Marvel ... Which, I mean, isn't bad, but is so satisfied with itself. WE'RE GONNA HAVE THE "HERO" FADE INTO A "HER". Even though, y'know, it's like the twentieth of their movies and the only one to have a female lead and director ...
The  trailer was watched 109 million times globally in 24 hours after being released, ranking it as the 11th most-viewed online movie trailer in its first 24 hours! 
I see what you’re saying here and I won’t deny she is more popular and she’s iconic, I love Khamala Khan I’m just not a big fan of another character taking another character iconic name who owned it already. Also I’m not a fan of Carol as Captain Marvel her personality is bland 
Thanks for the tag! 5? I cant do this.... No order for me too cause it changes.  Captain America Thor Silver Surfer Batman Ugh.... Captain Marvel or Starlord or spiderman or.... I cant get a 5th, lol.     
    Inverse: 'Captain Marvel' Theory: Carol Danvers Inspired an Important SHIELD Program.   via 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50?a  MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call
Maybe Johns and DC  should apologize for Flashpoint The New 52 especially his last attempt at ruining Captain Marvel (That is his name) and now the horrifying travesty of Heroes in Crisis. Johns,DiDio,Lee and @TomKingTK should be ashamed of what they've done and should be fired
i cant wait for captain marvel :(
The next time Clark Gregg graces a Marvel red carpet, it will be for a movie he's starring in. It's been a while.    
Yeah, Captain Marvel is a walking, talking deus ex machina, arguably more so than Superman, but it’s never been the powers that made him so great.  It’s always been his incorruptible heart.
Making this prediction now: The Ralph Breaks the Internet release is going to be HUGE for Disney... How could they possibly live up to the title? New Captain Marvel, Avengers, Aladdin, and Lion King trailers beforehand would certainly do the trick.
Los que critican a Captain Marvel son los que ven películas de Marvel sólo por que son de Marvel, se callan por que los veo en el cine pelotudos
Captain Marvel should smile! She immediately punches an old woman for smiling. 
If any of you wish to defeat The Spectre you can:  -Be extremely powerful in terms of magic (I.e Doctor Fate, Captain Marvel and The Phantom Stranger).  -Sacrifice yourself in hope The Presence, takes notice and intervenes.  -Trick him into giving up his power. 
FINALLY!!!!!! time to wreck shop!!   
The Three Angry Nerds crew discuss        with reviews of       and more! 
These could end up being the   ! - 
Ooof I wanna see captain marvel
captain marvel  dark phoenix  wonder woman 84   2019 eu to sedenta 
 releases  concept art! - 
How is this White Feminism ?  As far as we know, every single character of color exists to help Captain Marvel/Carol. They're sidekicks & support staff. They're LITERALLY not going to take anything away from her.  Treating Nick Fury's lines in the trailer as such is... gross.
sometimes i wonder what it’s like to believe captain marvel and thor ARENT the strongest avengers but then i realize i don’t wanna believe in a lie 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/DR6jHLqA3dk?a  Steam's Sexy Games are BACK + Kingdoms of Amalur SAVED + Captain Marvel REVEALED
rick essentially saying he's pan is exactly what i deserved for finishing that captain marvel series. happened in the last issue too
Before Carol Danvers took up the mantle of , there was Monica Rambeau. 
She’s not who you think she is...  
Once we get more A4 and Captain Marvel content, I’ll tweet much more about Steve and the impeding pain approaching.
130 days  
Avengers 4, Spider-Man: Far From Home, Stranger Things, Game of Thrones, Captain Marvel...2019 yh
Marvel Studios Releases CAPTAIN MARVEL Concept Art - 
Going to be quite sad when we see his last cameos in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 :'(
Here are Captain Marvel ( ) , Shazam ( ) and Venom ( )
    just in! Shop link-->            
That may not be a good idea. Because I feel if Disney wants Captain Marvel to make the same money Black Panther did globally or a billion at least, especially since its opening on a holiday weekend akin to Black Panther, they should probably show her 2 hype up her movie even more
If someone accosts the bae while he's out and about I take it as a personal attack because I'm in a bodysuit as Captain Marvel and all I've gotten tonight is a weird guy asking what my monthly pulls are
Hey,  fans, I'm fundraising for surgery and for any amount you donate to the campaign, I'll put your name in a hat to win your very own, made by me, Captain Marvel jacket. If you want in, just put  on your donation. 
My friend got banned for 30 days for calling the captain marvel movie another sjw film.
Here you go  and     
New CAPTAIN MARVEL reshoot set photos show  as a younger Coulson and  once again suited up! 
So there's going to be two Captain Marvels in 2019.   March - #CaptainMarvel (Marvel) April - #Shazam (DC) - yes, his name is actually Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel 4K HD Wallpapers -  Captain, Marvel 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/cOFhXFiDCQ8?a  Captain Kirk Killed by Greed | Captain Marvel Trailer Reaction | Loki
Captain Marvel Theory: Why Carol Changes Her Costume In The New Movie #Marvelhttp://flip.it/LKJAvE
Captain Marvel Is Crash Landing Into Disney's California Adventure Park  
Here's my new #CaptainMarvel Official New Origin Story for the MCU!  #Avengershttp://youtu.be/f08OxvBg6fI?a
Fastest To Reach 1 Million Likes In Youtube  #Sarkar - 4H 45Minutes  #Avengers Infinity war - 21 Hours  #Thugsof Hindostan - 3 Days  #Captain Marvel - 7 Days  #Venom - 12 Days  #Mersal - 23 Days  STUNNING SARKAR TEASER
Pues puedes esperar por mas. Seguramente el dejo gravados los Cameros para   y 
Everyone can be a superhero   Nurse and proud      
The front is DONE  How’s it lookin?    cosplay  cosplay 
I am so hyped for this movie !  You’re thoughts ?       4          
From  & 's brains to my 8 month old Eliza's first Halloween costume, look at my adorable little !    https://twitter.com/sykoscorch/status/1057359951092281344?s=21 …
1M likes!   
after workout    
Captain Marvel is almost here 
So happy to be featured on   as . Photo Credit: Edward Liu.  comics  https://www.instagram.com/p/BosQeRBg6To/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=10id1kx8golow …
Here's my    collection    Comics   collection collector bluray      
I know a lot of people dislike or hate Monica Rambeau as Captain Marvel, but I am super excited some of her adventures as Captain Marvel are being collected. 
Thanos should bring out the Avengers' final challenge, Scott Pilgrim. He defeated Superman, Captain America, Captain Marvel, and Katara of the southern water tribe 
YAASSS!! Do you think we may get Captain Marvel Trailer 2? 
Space beings invade NYC! , , , , —all the  superheroes are here, in a new graphic narrative told with Salish motifs and S’Klallam phrases. : Of Gods and Heroes opens 10/6.   
❝ I’m not what you think I am. ❞     — carol danvers. captain marvel.         mature content. seeking interactions. 
BRIE LARSON Shares New Photo in 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Shirt 
@ everyone saying captain marvel is a boy: not only are u stupid and thats the dc universe, but billy has a twin sister named mary who also takes up the mantle of captain marvel, so youre STILL wrong! stay pressed, xoxo 
Petition for all the marvel women to go to the captain marvel premiere
‘Captain Marvel’ Composer Breaks Superhero Glass Ceiling as Scoring Diversity Lags. In the past 11 years and out of 1,100 films, only 1.3% of composers were female. Pinar Toprak is the first woman to score a high-profile Marvel movie.   
captain marvel and steve when they have to go back to wakanda 
Hey so I’m a new marvel acc trying to make mutuals so rt if you like- Spider-Man  The guardians  Black panther The winter soldier  Loki Iron man Thor Captain marvel  Basically the whole mcu lol (pls rt and follow back I need friends) 
"Please Stop Photoshopping Smiles Onto Captain Marvel"  Aka  "FACEAPP IS LITERALLY RAPE", the article.  
Can Captain Marvel & Dark Phoenix Overcome Their Similarities to Succeed? 
why did ffh get so many set pics but we've been fed scraps with a4, captain marvel, and literally every other marvel movie ever
Need a Captain Marvel trailer fix, bbl.
AVENGERS #15 JASON AARON (W) • DAVID MARQUEZ (A/C)  VARIANT COVER by GERALD PAREL 
HIGHER FURTHER FASTER   
Revelan por qué Nick Fury guardó tanto tiempo el secreto de Captain Marvel 
Yes, this is so important. We have to meet them where they are. I've got some sophomores that are reading The Life of Captain Marvel right now and really identifying with it. #worldgeochat
Starstruck!  See Ms. Marvel and  in ": Secret Warriors" TOMORROW at 9:30pm, only on !
.'s New Comic Book Origin May Offer Some Big Hints About The Upcoming Movie 
 plays a young Carol Danvers in  but this rising star is already a pro!    Via 
My regular dental hygienist overbooked so the new guy cleaned my teeth then we watched the Captain Marvel trailer and he showed me a photo of him with Kobe Bryant on his phone
The Video Version of This Week’s  Is Up!  “ Impresses, Misdiagnosing The Trouble With , and The Collective Dream”  Audio version has been available on  apps everywhere since yesterday.  Enjoy!   
MOVIES 2019  - Captain Marvel - An untitled avengers film - Toy Story 4 - Star Wars episode IX - Spider-man far from home - Dumbo - Godzilla - It: Chapter two - Aladdin - The lion king - Frozen 2 - Zombieland 2
This week I'm basking in all the movie and TV nerd news and talking about    and Doug from   features  with    
Stan Lee’s last camoes might be in Captain Marvel, A4, and Spider-Man: Far From Home. I’m: so fucking sad.
‘Captain America:’ Chris Evans Supports Fellow Captain Marvel On Social Media  
Check out our detailed breakdown of the first  trailer ->  
 Trailer Is Second Most-Liked MCU Trailer On YouTube  
ALSO! A last minute con find that I might be the most psyched for, is a book I’ve been dying to read for ages: Jim Starlin’s Death of Captain Marvel! 
CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG I AM A HUGE FAN 
Replace captain marvel with the guardians book and I'll somewhat agree 
My work has been incredibly supportive. My schedule had been flexible leading up to this and everyone I work with has been so wonderful.  I mean, you have to feel loved when instead of flowers, your team sends you a freaking Captain Marvel purse  
New official updated ‘Captain Marvel’ logo  
LOOK AT THIS PANEL FROM  #1 STARTING THIS JANUARY! WANNA SEE THE COVERS ALREADY!  and Carmen Carnero. THIS WILL BE CAROL AT HER BEST! We’re blessed in comics and film!
Movie version of a Joe Quinones  cover!    
Captain Marvel is a phone phreaker?!? I love this 
From the pages of  comics straight to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.   , everyone.  HIGHER FURTHER FASTER!   
Tony Stark Demise  .. New Era Of Legends Will About To Start.. Will Miss The Legend Himself  .. His Legacy Will Be Followed By Spiderman And Captain Marvel..  
Captain Marvel and her Squad successfully completed tonight’s 5k Mission, vanquishing Thanos from the Disneyland Paris Resort! Time to recharge. The 10k begins in just in a few hours!     
In 2019 im definitely Going to say this #RIP my Pocket Money..   Because of them..!!   Captain Marvel Spiderman Far from home Avengers 4 Joker Wonder Woman 2 X-men Dark Phoenix Shazam  The new Mutant Hellboy
Me encanta este cover del #3 de The Life of Captain Marvel 
Please      josh losing his battle we are hoping for videos to cheer him up please 
It has begun!    
if so captain marvel is SLACKING for 5 whole years 
 2 footage leaked 
This would be an amazing Victorian era look for Captain Marvel. 
Most popular girl in  Pt 2.                  
Do you ever have a stranger totally make your day? This morning at the ol'  of the empire, a sweet lady behind me took notice of my Captain Marvel bag. Actually the 2nd compliment… https://www.instagram.com/p/BouquSoBmki/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=10qj2a4rra2f7 …
Bro tell me captain marvel don’t look like coconut head from Ned’s Declassified  
Absolutely adore this  pumpkin for Halloween - who else is carving something geeky? 
day 1: spark, with Captain Marvel herself   2018
Join us for this week's AU Radio Comics Corner! Justice League, Aquaman, Batman, Nightwing, Lucifer, Cover, Life of Captain Marvel, Exorsisters, Archie 1941, Captain Ginger, Gideon Falls, Bloodbourne, Animus, & more!  
this is just a reminder that captain marvel is coming and is ready to make her entrance into the mcu 
Vote for my costume in UK’s staff costume contest! Visit this link and “like” the photo to cast your vote. Voting ends tomorrow (Friday) at noon!    cosplay  
The ever-powerful , at your service! 
Captain Marvel is our only hope 
You heard the Captain. PLEASE VOTE TOMORROW!  Monday 
Four years ago, Marvel Studios announced . The first ten years started with Iron Man. The next ten years will begin with Carol Danvers (and Black Panther). 
Going  watching captain marvel trailer 20 more times
Q2 - WHO was head of NASA security when she was exposed to a powerful alien device, which transformed her into the mighty cosmic powered hero, Captain Marvel? #MarvelRising @MarvelRisingSW
Captain Marvel update! Trim and paneling takes a while. Math helps. Thanks school! . _____    cosplay   cosplay cosplayer  Using   
i’m already imagining the end credits of Captain Marvel or Avengers 4. It’s gonna say—“In loving memory of Stan Lee.” And I’m gonna have a fricken breakdown.
No matter how many times I watch @Avengers #InfinityWar, I still can’t believe the price Thanos was willing to pay for the Soul Stone. Like seriously: fuck that guy. I hope @captainmarvel makes him eat shit, then shit out that shit, then eat that same shit. Repeat to infinity.
MCU CosmicCast Episode 24: The Eternals is Happening and the Captain Marvel Trailer Arrives!: http://youtu.be/nKhPOaWL6TE?a  via @YouTube
Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. - Season 2  DVD {https://www.awin1.com/cread.php?awinmid=2549&awinaffid=229659&clickref=&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zavvi.com%2Fdvd%2Fmarvel-s-agents-of-s.h.i.e.l.d.-season-2%2F11162837.html …}  #Marvel #marveluk #marvelcomics #AgentsofSHIELD #zavvi #dvd #marvelstudios #marvelweek #londonislovinit #london #CaptainMarvel
My thoughts on the Avengers 4 costumes:  1) Where are War Machine and Captain Marvel?  2) Iron Man looks the best out of all of them.  3) Yeah, we’re DEFINITELY going to the Quantum Realm! 
MCU stans: how can you judge Captain Marvel after only watching ONE trailer???? Wait  for  the  movie!!!!! Also MCU stans: the Dark Phoenix trailer??? Absolute shit, I gotta bleach my fucking eyes now!!!! Throw the whole movie away
Nick had faith in the Avengers so he didn't need to call Captain Marvel.
So, like, this was a waste of $4...   
At one point, Power girl admitted that Captain Marvel was faster then her. 
Omg ur captain Marvel. Like actually.
so many good shits will happen in 2019???  1. GoT last season 2. AVENGER 4!!!! 3. spiderman: far from home 4. john wick 3 5. IT ch. 2 6. TOY STORY 4!!!!! 7. how to train your dragon 3 8. captain marvel 9. once upon a time in hollywood (LEONARDO DICAPRIO + QUENTIN TARANTINO!!!!!)
That's even faster than a conference! :)   (I made you Captain Marvel! :) ) 
Disney Cruise Line Adding Captain Marvel to Sailings | Mega Resort and Cruise Vacations this is definitely going to be  time and will sell out currently. Get with us if you're interested 
Probably Avengers 4, for a lot of reasons. I’m happiest about Captain Marvel though
Lol  from Marvel Super HERo adventures Halloween Spouktacular!   
Is anyone else more excited for Captain Marvel for the Stan Lee cameo?
me: captain marvel is so powerf-   steve stans: 
Stan Lee will likely have cameos in Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4 with possible cameos in Spider-man: Far From Home and Dark Phoenix, but, sure man, tell this lie for the RTs. 
Carol Danvers  By @danielledenicola      er  Carol Susan Jane Danvers is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Gene Co…  
 ain't got shit on him   
Be well received in Brazil    We love you so much!  Come mine Captain     
Slighly interested But I don't really have any expectations for it   
Before Carol Danvers took up the mantle of , there was Monica Rambeau.   
I'd like to know as well. With all the turmoil around GotG and most of the publicity on pause until Captain Marvel starts spinning up, we're kinda in the dark.
CAPTAIN MARVEL Getting Temporary New Costume - 
 Prelude Comic Reveals Where Nick Fury Was Before   
Post A4 and Captain Marvel being fully integrated into earths culture marvel should work as hard as possible to develop a Ms Marvel series for the Disney app. It’s just a smart decision 
Surely I'm not the only one who instantly thought of that Austin Powers bit when  punched that old lady on the bus? 
Well in that case it should be thor or antman because no way Captain Marvel reaches near a billion.
I was scrolling down YouTube to find that  just predicted the captain  movie
Because I'm still stoked about the  trailer, some of my CM art.  
 Captain Marvel dressed as Samus....  
Captain Marvel # 4 ....I’ve been talking about this book from the beginning  has done an amazing job!!! This book has had more heart and soul in it than anything on the stands out now. It’s a shame more people haven’t been championing this book. This is the real deal.
1) Spider-Man is a goofy kid, and all he wants is to be an Avenger (this misconception is generally new)  2) Captain Marvel/Shazam is a man-child who’s irresponsible with his powers  3) Superman is boring and a goody-two-shoes  4) Aquaman talks to fish 
I promise I’m gonna see Captain Marvel but in all honesty, it looks like Captain America: First Avenger only a woman and in the 90s with young Sam Jackson. I’m excited for Captain Marvel but more because of the tie-in to Avengers 4 more so than the actual character.
Its  can't wait to see what new comics wait for me           
I wanna make a smallish gc where we’re all friends and thirst over the mcu cast together aNd support captain marvel ofc like or rt to join 
those men look like the ones who did the captain marvel video demanding the trailer and honestly it’s fitting they will be the ones to defeat thanos 
Bro! Freaking bro.. Carol Danvers man. I can’t wait for her to take my entire existence.  Ps this scene is what I’m most excited about  
"And we will be the stars we were always meant to be."    
wow the captain marvel trailer is playing in target and I am CRYING
Stop what you're doing! It's time for Good Morning Pop Culture!      
can’t wait to watch captain marvel and figure out who turned out to be a skrull and took nick fury’s eye 
2019 may be the best comic book movie year ever. Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Far From Home, Star Wars Episode 9, Clone Wars revival, and all these new series in one year 
Hey! Does anybody know what happened with CAPTAIN MARVEL TALK! account?!
Take Flight With The First Captain Marvel Trailer...   Trailer   
captain marvel: 
Carol Danvers aka  wishes you all a !
Captain Marvel NEVER Called Nazis 'Nationalists' - Not Then. Not Now. Not Ever.                
RIP Stan lee! An absolute legend of a man! #marvel #captainmarvel
I can't believe we live in the timeline where captain marvel and captain marvel are both releasing within a month of each other but one is called shazam
so y'all just gon forget avengers 4 and captain marvel im 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/jxcLQBuekgM?a  The Truth About Why Captain Marvel FAILS As A Character.
Can you imagine casually Trick or Treating and Captain Marvel just happens to be at the house you stop at? Oh yeah and you’re low key dressed as her. 
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS! We miss seeing Carol and Jess team up together, it's been far too long. And the art is STUNNING. This is going to be so good you guys.  
The mighty  
My top selling prints were  and  this weekend  still some left over I might sell online!
I wish we had an alternative Justice League with this lineup: Wally West Flash Black Canary Oracle Power Girl Kyle Rayner/Jessica Cruz Zatanna Mera  Captain Marvel Vixen
Captain Marvel meets Captain America - A4 2019 
Nuevas fotos desde el set de rodaje de !!!     Annihilation     Studios          
Little off topic but how is Sinema doing? We’re looking for MoviePass replacements. Probably keep it through the #oscarrun then go to AMC A List for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4
Look how cute these stickers look on my bottle!    
This make me not wanna watch Captain Marvel 
Disney has: Dumbo Aladdin The Lion King Mulan Toy Story 4 Star Wars Ep IX Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Maleficent 2 Spider-Man: Far From Home 
Fantastic performance today capped with an important goal from captain marvel! 
Symbiotes DEFINITELY do it better! ⁠ ⁠     
sick of idiots editing captain marvel for clout and then pulling their sexist "sorry carol but i prefer [fart noise] instead" plot twists out of their asses
G'night #MARVEL lovers,today feels like a real kick in the stomach... But thanks to #TheRealStanLee tomorrow and everyday could be #EPIC ! #Captainmarvel #Avengers #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy #BlackPanther need i go on !! #Excélsior #riptherealstanlee #forinfinity
 does an awesome    at  2018!   s ist sy istsoninstagram work    s  comics   ing ings  …   
I;m actually getting 2 pieces done. The first is a small NC/Captain Marvel mash up. The big piece is a full upper arm water colour Hubble style galaxy
I will miss all Stan Lee's cameo roles jud in every Marvel Movie  Maybe his last appearance would be in Captain Marvel Thank you for making my superheroes
 (Mar Vell)  day 16 in Stan Lee-nktober    
Y'all girls needs Captain Marvel skincare routine tutorial. 
So the same people who are saying that Superman shouldn’t smile are the ones campaigning for Captain Marvel to smile? A character in a franchise they hate? 
#BattlePoll #SHPOLL18 #Marvel #DCComics   FIGHT   #Hulk Vs #TheFlash  Vs #CaptainMarvel (C.D.) Vs #Bane   Who will win?
Well most superheroes haven’t had so many relaunches within such a short time span. I mean she only became Captain Marvel 6 years ago and has had more relaunches than Spider-Man, a 65+ character.
Never said it was a big loss, but still.   I'm looking forward to Captain Marvel though.
112 days before  
The next trailer's on the way! #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2qGbzA1
we got the captain marvel poster up at work now and my friend said 'thats what you would look like as a superhero' and fellas , i might cry
When your  dearest friend gives you, pretty much the bestest bday gift! Now I can do my birthday make up in style! Thanks    
Morning Spoilers: New set pictures from Captain Marvel's reshoots, and more  
I also ironed one on my $150 Levi jacket. Permanent Danvers on that beast! I rock the hat, jacket, Captain Marvel Vans, Captain Marvel lanyard, Captain Marvel shirts... Kind of a Carol geek.
Durante los años 40 y 50 existió un Captain Marvel en Fawcett Comic, pero Stan Lee, junto al artista Gene Colan, creó su propio Capitán Marvel, que se estrenó en Marvel Super-Heroes #12 (1967) y que obtuvo su serie, Captain Marvel, en 1968, guionizada por Roy Thomas y otros. 
I just found out that the first captain marvel was a black woman named Monica Rambeau who lost her name to a white man who then gave the name to a white woman .  
Stan Lee gave the green light for Scarlet Spider relocating to Houston AND Kamala Khan as Captain Marvel. Forever grateful that man.
when Fury said “last time I trusted someone I lost an eye” maybe he was talking about Captain Marvel and she took his eye out when she was a skrull
captain marvel bad
Once Jude Law crops up in Captain Marvel, by my count the MCU contains two Sherlock Holmeses and four Doctor Watsons.
I don't get why some people think they won't release an avengers 4 trailer just because Captain Marvel isn't out yet. Black Panther came out in February but they released the first IW trailer in November.
[wedding day]  sharon: isn’t this just the best day of your life   maria, thinking about the first time she met captain marvel: uh yeah, it’s definitely up there
TGIF!  WTFriday goes live in 10 minutes! Today’s topics w/ :  ’s Joker look   trailer reactions  the  Damned comic and youknowwhat... (google it) & more!   Join us:  
Captain Marvel Trailer & More | The Comic Multiverse Ep.116: http://youtu.be/jYzCF5UWPJs?a  via @YouTube
The newly-released CAPTAIN MARVEL prelude comic reveals that Nick Fury considers contacting the hero only as a "last resort."   
 fan theory could explain how Carol gets her red and blue costume: 
"" is back ft. the crew's  to 's  movie trailer! A  original  ( ) youtube … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bofdv9YhY_Z/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1s8f9virfjt9j …
My 2019: Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Narcos S4 Shazam Dark Phoenix GOT S8 Daredevil S3 Spider-Man: Far from Home Star Wars: IX John Wick 3: Parabellum The New Mutants
[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 56 días Captain Marvel: 133 días  Shazam: 161 días  Avengers 4: 189 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 224 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 252 días The New Mutants: 280 días
less than 200 days to both Captain Marvel and Avengers4 
Today in the news: 'Captain Marvel's Best Box Office Measuring Stick May Be 'Doctor Strange'  via   
Captain Marvel vs Captain Marvel. 
“That’s gonna be fun!” Lee Pace at the Angels in America stage door in May 2018, replying to a fan who wished him good luck being back in the MCU.    
Hala’s back, girls    feat “Ryan”  @ Jacob K. Javits Convention Center https://www.instagram.com/p/BooxVt-nsXQ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12xc05to2f9mw …
Thanos is so badass, even Stan Lee is getting wiped out of existence. Captain Marvel must intervene. RIP Stan Lee! 
I really hope the next #CaptainMarvel trailer has Goose in it, otherwise my friends aren't going to let up on me.
Remember when the Captain Marvel trailer dropped and for a little bit Twitter was Good
Maybe he finished the cameo? If not his last cameo could be in captain marvel or spider man ps4
.  trailer on the big screen at  screening...WOW!  Carol is gonna KILL!      
Holy crap!  Look at the awesome on Katy Ruth and her Captain Marvel outfit!  We love it! (and her!) 
Marvel should promote Captain Marvel and then worry about A4. They have an extra month anyway.
This is great news!  
I already know that I’m gonna be in shambles during his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos.
’s  denies reports she signed a 7-movie deal with  - 
I'm reading some Captain Marvel and this part caught my eye. 
  Day 30  Most anticipated movie released in the next 6 months.  Captain Marvel 
Theres legit people out here at 4am counting how many lines Captain Marvel has in the trailer.  Then getting mad angry coz Nick Fury has more lines... bruh how do these people survive in the real world
"Hello police!? Yes I would like to report that Samuel L Jackson has to many words in the the new Captain Marvel trailer...Yes I'll hold." 
 no spoilers, but guess who's 63 Across in Friday morning's New York Times' crossword puzzle?   
Suddenly its gone from:   -it matters that Captain Marvel was announced first     to    -it doesnt matter that WW was announced first...
 is joining the rest of the Super Heroes in 2019 for the  Season of Super Heroes at :  
And I'm waiting for  &  to come out next year     
Just had a interesting chat about international woman’s day  (Because of captain marvel) and got asked if there was a international men’s day so I looked it up.  I didn’t know this, so  so that people know.
if they show the captain marvel trailer
My Captain Marvel and my sister’s Venom pumpkins!  
THREAD:  and  are back on the  set for reshoots! 
The Mighty Thor Vol. 1 #446: Captain Marvel's team of Avengers arrive on the homeworld of the Shi'ar, and are taken for an audience with the Majestrix by The Imperial Guard. The Avengers are soon detained after Thor's outburst, while a Kree strike force invades to kill Lilandra. 
thanos: all men must die.   captain marvel: but we are not men.   okoye, wanda, black widow, shuri, mantis, wasp, nebula, gamora, valkyrie and nakia: [appears on the other side]
Since DC's Shazam is due out soon I'd like to recommend checking out some golden age  comics, aka  Turns out a great deal of the originals are  check out  & others to read free! (There's another CM that everyone forgot, he's also PD)
Captain Marvel WIP.         
 as a baby... 
i say this because im talking to my friend about captain marvel rn and he keeps saying how happy he is that marvel opened doors to women protagonists. i stan him 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk?a  Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi
Question for you all out there in the Twitterverse. For my Captain Marvel Halloween costume, do I A: wear it like  does in the upcoming movie or B: attempt to faux hawk it?! Need help deciding  
the avengers after captain marvel descended to earth 
People are mad online because in the trailer for the female led, female written and directed movie "Captain Marvel", the male narrator says exactly 34 more words than not the narrator  
Excited for next year’s  movie release? Catch up with Carol beforehand and we have ’s amazing run on the Captain Marvel series! 
PART SEVEN OF THE  Halloween 
She awesome especially when you  as  
So, the person who edited the Captain Marvel trailer to make her smile more also has countless tweets saying men need to step up and "take women's rights away" because "women are only as bad as men allow them to be" and ... also says they're a lesbian trans woman?
What really happened during Avengers  Nick Fury: Captain Marvel, we need you help! Earth is under atta-  Captain Marvel: 
's Origin Story Just Got a Total Retcon  
How do you leave out Infinity War and Captain Marvel smh 
Captain Marvel, hold me anytime, i’m always free
R.I.P Stan Lee  We get never alone your art. So sad. not see…              
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel. even if i don’t know her. i know it. I CAN FEEL IT. https://curiouscat.me/cinnamon_hope/post/694238290?1541030531 …
Always loved how Elvis based his stage costume on Captain Marvel Jr's. He was a huge fan and in his apartment, now a museum, there is even an issue on the nightstand.   
Hi . Coulson fans have been asking  if he will live in S6. We haven't gotten any answers, so I'm asking you if you can give us some hope that  on AOS. We're  for his Captain Marvel role, but we don't want his story to end there. 
Last night I saw a Venom movie, which was preceded by trailers for films with Captain Marvel, Shazam (the former Captain Marvel), and one with Spider-Ham in it.   I’m still stunned by all this. I feel like I have all the answers for a test I didn’t know I was going to take.
Marvel is the most mainstream thing in the entire world rn and that is demonstrable by the fact they just made up a superhero on the spot caller her captain marvel, just spliced together a load of other footage for a trailer and it got 170,000,000 reddit upvotes in 6 seconds
The Fade-Out by Ed Brubaker and Sean Philips, @DanSlott and @AllredMD's run on Silver Surfer, @kellysue's Captain Marvel and Bitch Planet, ANYTHING by Grant Morrison but especially his All-Star Superman, @misscecil and @kittycoffee's Shade the Changing Girl...
to clear this up. my tweets were directed at the really extreme tweets that were literally acting like captain marvel is the first female hero to ever be introduced. not the ones about her being the first solo mcu female lead bc that is incredible and does deserve so much hype.
Thanks  for creating this perfect declaration of ’s lust for life and her passion to push herself beyond her limits. It’s so inspiring and empowering. I feel like I can do anything i wanna do and overcome any adversity in order to win! 
wouldn’t it be funny if carol gets snapped at the end of captain marvel??
I’m hyped about the  Movie despite knowing little of the character. This blurb is pretty much all I needed to fall in love 
Are you excited for  ?? Follow  for more delightful  &  posts!     Studios        eu studios s
From Captain Marvel Adventures #98, one of my absolute favorite stories.  Earth was rejected from entry into the United Worlds, but Captain Marvel's multiple good deeds earns Earth an invitation to join...  Except Captain Marvel declines it - he wants all of humanity to earn it. 
Captain Marvel - SHAZAM Family Comic Book Cover Art - 170 Trading Card Book Set - NEW! – Available Now to Order:  via      
Captain Marvel always offers help to those who need it  
Oh.   Dawn of Justice - Civil War Wonder woman - Captain Marvel New gods - Eternals Aquaman - Namor Birds of Prey - an all female movie 
Regarding the secret character  Boon says to think of something non-DC, more specifically the OPPOSITE of DC  I feel the opposite of DC is Marvel being they’re the 2 big comic universes, but they couldn’t get rights to Marvel characters BUT  Shazam used to be Captain Marvel (1/2) 
Whatever else movie audiences make of Disney and Marvel Studios’ Captain Marvel, it’s hard to imagine there will be a more predictable, potent, or sustained emotional reaction than the applause coming when it opens with the words: “In Memory of Stan Lee.” 
Thanks for feeding my ego!!! You’re awesome!!!
 Has Finally Distanced Itself from Green Lantern  
I didn't realize he married the nanny. It feels like this is the most I've seen him press-wise with Fantastic Beasts. But maybe he's ready for big ticket stuff because he's in Captain Marvel.
I’m excited for #CaptainMarvel the most.
78 minutes;   @LangleyFC_  @HRessies  @rickycgooner  #CaptainMarvel
So I decided to go test out my new eyeshadows and I did I sort of captain marvel look (but like it's shit soooo) 
This is the first time I am totally in board for a Captain Marvel comic. 
I love captain marvel 
‘Captain Marvel’s Best Box Office Measuring Stick May Be ‘Doctor Strange’ 
Here's my new #CaptainMarvel Kevin Feige video!  http://youtu.be/LinLEXaT0kY?a
the movies i cant wait to see at the moment :  Spider Man into the spider verse  Aquaman  Detective Pikachu Captain Marvel 
Here's @Disney's 2019 line up via @CNNBusiness:  Captain Marvel - March 8 Dumbo - March 29  Penguins - April 19 Avengers - May 3 Aladdin - May 24 Toy Story 4 - June 21  The Lion King - July 19 Frozen 2 - November 27  Star Wars - December 20
EP 96 Batman’s packing!! 2 comics   &  annual #1   + we cover  trailer  new take on the  and more news. Vote for your comic book  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/earth-919-a-comic-book-podcast/id1117726689?mt=2&i=1000420204273 …pic.twitter.com/2AcJTkCUVY
On Episode 42 of The Brothers Binge  we’re joined by , , and  and we discuss , , ,  and we play an intense game of X’s & O’s!  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-brothers-binge/id1320690021?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504178023 … SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/thebrothersbinge/ch-42-they-get-a-divorce …pic.twitter.com/1jR6CEA9VV
me @ captain marvel 
My guess is It’s gotta be Kate Bishop   We getting the set up for Young Avengers... it’ll be an end credit scene maybe. Can we just fast forward to Captain marvel and Avengers 4 PLEASE?! Omgomg 
Who is Ronan the Accuser?   , , , , , Villains, , , Marvel
Next year:  • #GameOfThrones S8 • #StrangerThings S3 • #CaptainMarvel  • #InfinityWar part 2 • #DarkPhoenix  • #WonderWoman1984  • #JessicaJones S3  All the good things next year
my tl is rlly dry n i'd love to have more mutuals so pls rt if you stan: - mcu / marvel - runaways - amatw / ant man / hope van dyne - captain marvel - agents of shield / aos - b99 / brooklyn nine nine - superstore - the good place - sense8 - this is us
Captain Marvel by Alex Ross 
I love     That is all. I just needed to say it      
When Stan Lee makes his last appearance in Captain Marvel 
Your voice is like sooo nice oh my god. By the way here you go, a captain marvel thing ︽✵︽ also yeah i didn't know how to do it either i literally googled that and did a copy+paste magic don't judge me And thank you so muchi'm always both scared and excited what ppl will say
Happy !     
#CaptainMarvel Leather Jacket for women! https://amzn.to/2NxVdHE
When you have to do a fitting by yourself and you don’t have enough hands! . Haha! I’m just really excited about this cosplay if you cant tell. Im looking so forward to becoming Captain Marvel soon!   ____    #…  
The journey of a HERo.  , In theaters on March 8th, 2019!  Internacional Women’s Day  
basin captain marvel pasad huhuhu
U missing Captain Marvel and Avengers 4! Those two the whole list lmao 
Why Nick Fury Waited to Contact Captain Marvel in Infinity War -  
Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Marvel co-writer Nicole Perlman tells us why she went indie to make her directorial debut, The Slows.   
So this is the process on how I created my digital art of Bucky, from pencil drawing to digital drawing.       InfinityWar  4    fanart  
It’s been 3 months since we’ve gotten Ant-Man and the Wasp and it’ll be another 4 months until we get Captain Marvel.....I am having a Marvel movie withdrawal
He gave us the best childhood and adulthood... RIP Stan Lee..  Excelsior! Hope he made a Cameo in  4 and  
Yes, that is the same pager from Infinity War in Captain Marvel.  No, that doesn't answer any of our questions about it.   
m a r v e l   
Just for fun: some predictions:    is not going to do great. It'll be cute, but widely regarded as just a retread of the first movie. Modest success.    will do well, but not as well as people are thinking. By Marvel standards, middle-tier. 
Morning friends! Tomorrow 2PM Central Captain Marvel body paint! Gonna keep trying to develop a comic style and stop shading with eyeshadow! 
His name is Shazam, and people will know him by that name. The public will know Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel. No matter what you try to pull. 
Damn it, "He-Ra" is "Carl Manvers" Captain Marvel all over again.
Why Starforce from Captain Marvel look so acquainted 
Just watched the Captain Marvel trailer and my body is convulsing in rage tears
sleeping with my captain marvel socks on cause im feeling sad & insicure
Who's a Skrull in Captain Marvel?  Could it be... Carol Danvers?   
Excited for Captain Marvel yieeeeeee
I just realized Captain Marvel/Shazam’s costume is right in the front, in front of Wonder Woman’s. 
How many series does Marvel have (currently running or solicited already) that are solo female-led?  Shuri Ironheart Black Widow X-23 Captain Marvel / Life of Captain Marvel Jessica Jones Ms. Marvel Squirrel Girl Domino Spider-Gwen Moon Girl & Devil Dino Unstoppable Wasp
No De-Aging Technology Required for Agent Coulson, Says Clark Gregg   
1- Spider-Man 2- Iron Man 3- Captain Marvel 4- Captain America
Finished my 2nd Captain Marvel comic and am happy to say I'm hooked! Looking forward to reading more while my anticipation grows 4 the movie :)     
"We're gonna get where we're going, you and me. Death and indignity be damned… we'll get there… and we'll be the stars we were always meant to be." -           
That was EXACTLY what  I was going for. I think Captain Marvel can still be brave and heroic and wise, but still be the 13-year-old boy. That’s what makes Billy Batson special. That’s why he was chosen. That’s just the version I like. 
There’s a massive, massive, massive change to Captain Marvel’s origin here. I’m curious to see how this lines up with the film next year.   (The Life Of Captain Marvel #4) 
This is one of our more awkward trailer reactions. Thanks @CriticalDonk https://youtu.be/BzIasHUaNtY  #captainmarvel #nicolascage
”Check out Lee Pace’s triumphant return as Ronan the Accuser!”  Captain Marvel Trailer Breakdown and Analysis via     
I find people who still disrespect comic books to be, not morons, that's rude. How about ignorant? Marvel Studios is the No. 1 film franchise ever. Their blueprint to success was use all the great comics for their movies.   
In before you criticize the cgi for the next Captain Marvel trailer and Avengers 4 trailers. 
Don’t forget Infinity War pt 2, It 2, Captain Marvel, Star Wars 9 and Lego Movie 2!!!! 
THEY CHOSE THE PERFECT PERSON FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL 
Captain Marvel is based off of Kelly Sue DeConnick's take on Carol Danvers, says Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige. Marvel Cinematic Universe fans were treated to the trailer last month, and as is the... 
Captain Marvel Comic Retcons Her Origin Closer To The Movie? -  
There's dudes who wish that Carol Danvers was still "Ms. Marvel" instead of "Captain Marvel", and I just wonder if they don't like the idea of change or character development as a whole.
a captain marvel ending credits scene featuring kamala khan
I'd squeal, but people would go deaf.  rocked this commission of my HERo   
‘Captain Marvel’ Additional Photography Now Underway 
A female superhero's journey is complex:  writer Margaret Stohl  
Everyone seems excited about X-men being in the MCU. Everyone seems excited about Captain Marvel being the most powerful character in the MCU. If the X-men are in this universe then we have someone else filling that “most powerful” spot 
Marvel Studios Boss Kevin Feige Talks ‘The Eternals’ & ‘Captain Marvel’  
(78:200) Marvelous lady.   
Boy lots of news of the nerd variety today isnt there  -Captain Marvel Trailer  -ATLA Live Action -Loki, Scarlet Witch and others getting Netflix shows -PS mini -The toad thing of which we will not speak
Captain Marvel by Kayla Erin, Photography by Beethy 
The order I think the upcoming MCU Movie trailers are in:   -Avengers 4 Official Trailer   -Captain Marvel Trailer 2  -Spider-Man: Far From Home Teaser Trailer  Please do not @ me. 
the only bad thing about the captain marvel trailer is that hairline they gave fury 
Ever wonder how  star  and other big-screen superheroes looked before they were able to fly (or drive?)  
the fact that this is technically captain marvel talking to captain america brb gonna go cry 
Wonder Woman effect. But MCU fuckboys can keep fooling themselves into thinking Feige's been working on Captain Marvel for a long time. Lol. 
Na....Captain Marvel the next one in the spring
can’t wait to see cinderella as captain marvel
captain marvel (2019) 
You are Captain Marvel, Bartmier hahaha!
They showed the Captain Marvel and Glass trailers back-to-back before . Sam Jackson stay winning.
More  trailer reaction faces! They are awesome!! 
Avengers 4: Kevin Feige teases Captain Marvel and The Eternals movies 
Not ashamed for spending money on this wonderful piece from   
     Now THIS is SEXY! The perfect  is completing a sexy piece depicting a  woman as one bad ass comic heroine.… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqL4DFyBxaQ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=162cup3mjd57i …
Some comic book stories are just stories. Good stories, but just stories. Some stories "make history." In Doctor Who, they are referred to as "fixed points in time."  The Life of  3 is one such fixed point. I've re-read it many times, goosebumps each time. 
Stop Photoshopping Smiles Onto   
Avengers4 Detective Pikachu John Wick 3 How to Train Your Dragon 3 Fruits Basket Reboot Hellboy  Glass Shazam! Captain Marvel  Dumbo Kingdom Hearts 3 Young Justice season 3 Avatar the Last Airbender(skeptic but excited)  Infinity Train Umbrella Academy    We don't deserve 2019
YAY! Huge congrats to  and ! You guys won a  EW each!!! 
captain marvel lockscrens 
I love captain marvel but my drawing tho 
oomf just sent me a nsfw comic where captain marvel sucks spider-man's dick 
(clearly distresses sobs) going... going 1968 captain marvel
Looks like  could be so powerful to break records in March that it scared Toothless and Hiccup to move up to the last week of February to release their final chapter of their story in the movies: https://deadline.com/2018/09/how-to-train-your-dragon-3-everest-dreamworks-animation-1201864844/amp/?__twitter_impression=true ….  @ManaByte @DoctorRagnarok @OrangeGrove55
 "I know a renegade pumpkin when I see one." So pumped to see  when it comes out! 
kelly is writing captain marvel...........god save us why
If you are not reading 's Life of Captain Marvel, you should. Issue 4 was So. Freaking. Great. 
Captain America gets underrated in a way that Captain Marvel also gets underrated, and that's in this area:  Stamina.  Both Captains Marvel and America could outlast ordinary humans easily. And even though Bruce is exceptional, he's not on that level.
 Skyrockets to 109 Million Viewers Within its First 24 Hours 
Nick Fury’s Reasoning For Signaling Captain Marvel After Infinity War Revealed  
Captain Marvel and Black Canary sharing a birthday is so wonderful!      
Who is the Captain Marvel of Universal Horror? Find out tomorrow on Plot Device’s Halloween spooktacular! 
   { I̴c̴o̴n̴i̴c̴ T̴i̴t̴a̴n̴s̴ }  Who will Rise~? Who will Fall~?  丂卂ᐯ卂Ꮆ乇 vs C͙a͙p͙t͙a͙i͙n͙ M͙a͙r͙v͙e͙l͙ Promotion Must Read 
Carol Danvers: Captain Marvel 
"High above the noise and confusion of the city she stands. Her form aglow with power beyond man's wildest dreams! She is... Captain Marvel !” 
2019 will give us:  -Aquaman -Captain Marvel -Shazam! -Spies in Disguise -Avengers 4 -Marvel's Men in Black -Kingsman 3 -John Wick 3 -Lego Movie 2 -Star Wars IX -Frozen 2 -IT 2 -Toy Story 4 -Angry Birds 2 -Annabelle 3 -Jumanji 2 -Charlie's Angels -Joker -The Addams Family
i hope whoever made the decision to go from HER to A HERO in the captain marvel trailer is having a good day
Carol Danvers did not actually gain superpowers through exposure to an alien device known as the Psyche-Magnetron in an accident related to Marvel’s first, male, Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel Via (@THR )
I love Target regardless but I love it even more since they play the Captain Marvel trailer on repeat pretty much all day.  
After the Captain Marvel trailer date leaked five days in advance, the ninjas are working overtime to keep people quiet. 
  in the ArtistAlley. Stopped to look at his Black Panther and Storm prints, stayed for the Captain Marvel sketches.   
going making captain marvel + wonder woman jeans
Look out NYCC... Monica Rambeau Is coming...  
Oh Captain my Captain!  
I like this assumption that Disney is inciting violence against the elderly.   Notes: headline implies Zoe thinks it's ok for male supers to punch old ladies.  "The new female captain Marvel" implies she knows there's a male one. Superman ref. Does she think they replaced Batson. 
Tumblr — TOP20 "Week in Review" (Sept. 24th):  1. @BTS_twt 2. Boku no Hero Academia 3. The Dragon Prince 4. Marvel 5. Captain Marvel 13. Jungkook 20. Jimin  #TheSong #PCAs #IDOL
“I know it's a mistake, before my feet leave the ground, I know. But the nature of my magical thinking is such that I believe, truly believe, that I'll get away with it. Because I'm special. Because I'm me.” Art- #1 2019   
next year is going to be THE YEAR. I mean, Game of Thrones s8 Stranger things s3 Avengers Annihilation Spiderman : far from home IT 2 Star wars 9 Wonder woman 2 Captain Marvel Godzilla 2  2019 is going to be AMAZING
Me in DLP on March 23rd running to meet Captain Marvel 
Pants will ALWAYS look weird on dress forms but hey CAPTAIN MARVEL PANTS!  Gotta add the waistband now. I’m gonna be waiting on *hopefully* more images from the movie before I work on the boots and anything knee down on the pants. MOVING TO THE TUNI…  
Me on my way to the Cinema to watch the new captain marvel movie 
I wish I got the same feeling for the Shazam! movie that long-time Aquaman fans got when they saw today's Aquaman trailer.  That's exactly how I longed to feel when seeing Captain Marvel on the big screen. 
Captain Marvel’s 1990s Timeline Doesn’t (And Can’t) Make Sense 
Hopefully this comes true in !    
//Characters I would dress Nana as for halloween  .Captain Marvel .Ryuko Matoi .All Might  Thats it I dont want her to skimpy...shes needs to be respected.
Please please @OriginalFunko when will the captain marvel funkos be released? I know it’ll be in a few months closer to the release date but you know..... what about earlier
Captain Marvel What a player  
We broke down the 'Captain Marvel' trailer https://buff.ly/2pgi9g2
Happy !  Any guesses for 's cameo in the new ?! I hope he is in one of her childhood flashbacks, at the Go-Karts. I got AWESOME  pics from  thanks to the  booth! More to come.....  
The Legendary Super Saiyan   3rd (final) version of this piece, wanted to add a little binary.   Hope you guys have a great weekend! 
y’all protesting captain marvel? tbh good luck if y’all want a representative marvel movie again. marvel barely gave a straight white woman who own movie. if it flops, it’s back to fuckin iron man 77.
It’s  News 8th Anniversary and YOU will get the present!   International GIVE AWAY! TWO Entertainment Weekly issues feat  !   Just follow us, like and RT this tweet to get the chance! TWO lucky winners will be announced this Friday, 16th! 
'Captain Marvel' is set some point between August 1995 and 1996. I know this because this man, a friend, is a lunatic and connected a LA transit map to Blockbuster's rebranding. 
A Marvel comics writer opened up about why Nick Fury called Captain Marvel at the end of Infinity War  
Maybe Taylor Swift would Star in a marvel movie as a marvel hero. (Role switch) Taylor Swift is Captain Marvel.
OMGcosplay Captain Marvel cosplayer vs cosplay    
Now, this is what I call a cool  coming your way. Spiderman needs to drink more milk! He's no match for Ronan. Hey Spiderman, throw in a few vegetables for good measure. LOL Gotta Love it.       
You guys seriously wouldn't believe what a moving target the prep for  on  has become. 
Captain Marvel meeting Captain America in Avengers 4 like 
I don’t fuck with the Hierarchy, but @BlacklistUno and I shared a Captain Marvel related fistbump tonight.
Ummm why is Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 not on here??? 
the captain marvel trailer except instead of nick fury knocking on that phone booth carol’s in, this is thor pulling up to the blockbuster she landed in 
Captain Marvel trailer looks amazing!!!!
“CaPtAiN mArVeL iS a BoY” 
 by .  I think she goes by  these days, but who knows?   has had at least 3 characters called Captain Marvel.  And the REAL Captain Marvel is now .  Confused?
R.I.P Stan Lee... The True Captain Marvel  
we still don’t know who sis is playing,, what if jess isn’t in ffh but is in captain marvel  
Oh . Rest in peace... , please pay a tribute to him. 
...Then  is an example of what happens when women take all that crap absorbed and turn it into the kinetic energy of incandescent rage. 
First  Movie Poster Released By Disney  
So excited for   Trailer
“Low Tech”          
Avengers 89 FN/VF 7.0 * 1 Book Lot * Marvel! Captain Marvel! Fantastic! Witch@ on eBay:    
Let’s not forget this iconic bop when miss captain marvel saves the entire MCU  
Mirablé my bought on line Captain Marvel unitard looks...really good. Pictures once I rip the palm seam so I can get my hand out of the attached glove while it’s on.
marvel1980s: Captain Marvel by Norm Breyfogle  Marvel Fanfare #57 RIP Norm Breyfogle  https://tmblr.co/ZcHxBv2cEupVj
Hi, I’m here to save everyone.  
Just look at her smile. She's so happy and proud of being Captain Marvel. 
There's something hidden in the shadows of the  movie poster  
Has anyone edited the Jodie fall g out the TARDIS with the opening of the Captain Marvel trailer yet, they'd match up beautifully :-)
SuperGirl.  HawkGirl.  Captain Marvel  Wonder Woman  Storm  Jean Grey  Hera  Mystique  White Tiger  Thundra  Sersei  Black Widow  Infact i can go on and on, and educate u.. But u seem set in your foolishness, so continue to play in the dirt of ur ignorance 
 Legends Lot comic New Custom  Captain  DC Universe Loose 6"   Ends in 5h  Last Price USD 32.99  https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?icep_ff3=2&pub=5575211678&toolid=10001&campid=5338065555&customid=&icep_item=192717863180&ipn=psmain&icep_vectorid=229466&kwid=902099&mtid=824&kw=lg&nordt=true …pic.twitter.com/T5nG8OXP3F
Nick Fury knows what time it is!    
They played the captain marvel trailer and I'm already screaming byee
Zombieland Saga... just turn into captain Marvel's Remix Club  
In 1988, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) appeared in Fantastic Four #316 with Fantastic Four http://marvelexplorer.github.io
It looks like a ton of fun. Charzard and Greninja look amazing. Rebecca who co-wrote Guardians and Captain Marvel as well as Alex Hirsch are doing the script.
captain marvel reshoots ,, <3 
I remember this day so vividly, god and here we are about to get the Captain Marvel movie in the corner of the screen 
I got T’Challa a lovely mobster car and then Captain Marvel stole it out from under him and broke it!
Will miss seeing  on every Marvel movie. I hope they do him a tribute in Captain Marvel 
WIN! Critics and fans love “The Life Of ”!!! Issue 3 JUST HIT THE SHELVES WITH A MAJOR MAJOR REVELATION! Pick yours now! Congrats 
The real  
The burger challenge is over and now it’s time for Captain Marvel to take her lumps. You voted and selected ‘Tickle Tortured by a Clown’. Now you decide how!   Poor @CarolD_MsMarvel   Have fun and RT!
The Marvel fandom when Captain Marvel make her entrance in Avengers 4 
STORM IS MARVELS WONDER WOMAN NOT CAPTAIN MARVEL! (Not a hate tweet btw, but storm holds more weight to be marvels First Lady than Carol just my opinion)! They need to give Storm a solo series! 
After #CaptainMarvel and #InfinityWarPt2 we won’t see @TheRealStanLee in no more cameos   FEELING: pressed
Girl Power      
hi! i’m a new marvel stan acc and i’m looking for mutuals. rt or fav this tweet if you stan: - sebastian stan - mcu in general - bucky barnes - captain america - captain marvel - iron man - spider-man - loki - jessica jones - daredevil  (please follow back )
“Why does captain marvel hit that grandmother?” -Viv  “She’s an alien, in disguise...” -me  “The aliens are in disguise? That’s confusing...”
My attempt to draw an on-model Captain Marvel in my style. How he might look if I ever drew his book. 
Listen imma say this once: I do not want Captain Marvel to have a love interest at all. Can she please be an independent fierce single woman? I need it pleathe
Captain Marvel to Greet Guests at Disney California Adventure Early Next Year  
what if the end credit scene for Captain Marvel is Nick contacting her during the dusting from Carol's point of view????
imagine being so iconic as mckenna grace who played young carol danvers on mcu and dressed up as captain marvel for halloween 
CAPTAIN MARVEL'S BRIE LARSON Denies Reports She Signed Seven Picture Deal With Marvel - 
I really hope tjey eventually do the Inhumans right. Maybe with the MCU cosmic and Captain Marvel introducing the Kree into the movies they can reintroduce them. Before they were just usong them in place of mutants. Now they can grow the mythology. @Webhead2456
me too dear. i cant wait sharing the movie with all of you! be patient! it will worth the end. you may wait for the captain marvel first
Captain Marvel Joins Disney Cruise Line  
"You have like fifteen alternate code names, anyway, Monica-Photon-Pulsar-Captain-Marvel-Rambeau! " 
Captain America: Leader Captain Marvel: Co-leader Spider-Man: Comic relief and combat  Daredevil: Stealth and combat Scarlet Witch: Magic Yo-Yo: Reconnaissance and combat Black Panther: Tech, funds and stealth 
Off for a dissertation seminar and to the Freshers Fayre which is always quite fun! (Plus free pizza). Carrying this around to let people know how proud I am as a Captain Marvel fan!  
So this is one of my favorite Carol pieces that I got from  the year he did “Versus” commissions at HeroesCon. It’s Captain Marvel vs .  I think when I got this, people thought I commissioned it from a place of malice or irony.
Catching up with @njpwglobal tag matches. Is Elgin wearing Captain Marvel’s color designs on his tights?? What an absolute prick!
this week i'm doing a piece on captain marvel hehe 
Captain Marvel Trailer Reaction: http://youtu.be/eJ_azNNejm0?a  via @YouTube
Procrastination Pro-Tips: Captain Marvel First Look, Literary Fashion Icons And More! 
Coming soon to the MCU!   How sweet it could be. Make it happen!       
Marvel's  Prelude Shows What Fury and Hill Were Up To Following Civil War 
Me (watching a movie trailer): I’m so excited for this movie @MainMateNate_LV: oh Metroid? Me: It’s,.... Captain Marvel..
Captain Marvel fans uncover sex hotline easter egg   
I don't care if Captain Marvel is smiling in a trailer or not. I also don't care if anyone Photoshops a smile onto her.  Literal joke policing is how we got to 2018 in the first place.  
*draws the softest Carol Danvers possible*  
Catwoman, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman are my favorites, right now.
in 2019,we get:  - stranger things 3 - descendants 3 - spiderman ffh - avengers 4 - captain marvel - the perfectionists  - singular (world) tour (prob)   2019 is gonna be a great year for stan twitter
Is Daisy spreading rumours saying he wants to meet Captain Marvel?  Not true.
Captain Marvel will travel back in time to falsely accuse Thanos of sexual harassment at his university thus creating a super villain, the likes of which we’ve never seen.
Sorry Superman, Captain Marvel would win!  (Art by , done as a commission for a fan.)
Wow!   by 
The first  official trailer starring  has arrived! We're here to break down the trailer and reveal things you may have missed   
Did he film one for Captain Marvel? I’m so thankful he made it to the end of phase three :(
Also,  and I were super excited to be wearing the same shoes.   
 Concept Art .  We saw this art last year but in poor quality. Super talented artist  shared this hd look this morning & it’s a beauty.  The design is just perfect & after seeing the trailer,  brings it to life in spectacular fashion. 
Looks like  is gonna be faithful to the comics  
Basically the Captain Marvel trailer 
 hilarious 
same  we’re also gonna cry when we see his cameo in captain marvel
Captain Marvel falls from the sky!
Also now that I'm talking about CAPTAIN MARVEL and GREEN LANTERN, I'm amused by people saying the former looks like the latter. No mate. There's better cinematography and editing in the trailer for Cap than in that entire film, not to mention costuming and look of everything.
Teaser posters in the real world for our March 2019  and  films  and . Cannot wait for the world to see more. 
This was me and I'm sure alot of other in the fandom...when we saw  Son of Coul aka Phil Coulson in the  trailer.      
is it..?        
I'm going to watch WW84, Shazam, Aquaman, The Batman, The Flash on DCEU and Joker. And MCU Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, some others, I already said why I will not see the titles quoted.
//yay! My Symbiote Captain Marvel keychain arrived in the mail today 
1. Avengers 4. 2. Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 3 (). 3. Spider-Man: Far From Home. 4. Captain Marvel. 
Except that Captain Marvel will be released first...
|Day 30 : Upcoming movie you’re most looking forward to|  Every upcoming Marvel movie? omg I am so thrilled about Captain Marvel, I cant wait to see what happens in Avengers 4 and I am just so excited to see Spider-Man: Far from home!!!!!  I. CAN’T. CHOOSE. 
- avengers 4 - star wars: episode IX - it 2 - frozen 2  - wonder woman 2 - captain marvel - the Lego movie 2 - Spider Man 2 - how to train your dragon 3
I wish they did figures like this without the boob socks. I've been trying to get a "realistic" Captain Marvel figure for a while but they all have gigantic boobs with clothes sticking to them in a way no material does. It seems unnecessarily fetishistic.
marvel please do something good in your life and let lorde do the captain marvel soundtrack
So, the latest problem MRAs and Comicsgaters have is that Captain Marvel doesn't smile enough. Oh, to live in such a teeny tiny world where that was actually an issue.
-Jessica Jones -Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel  -Logan Howlet/Wolverine -Danny Rand/Iron Fist -Dr. Strange -Cindy Moon/Silk -Miles Morales/Spider-Man -ALL THE OTHER SPIDER-MEN -Kaine/Scarlet Spider  -Ben Reilly/Scarlet Spider  -Mary Jane -Fantastic Four
new captain marvel trailer just dropped 
>Tfw the "in memory of stan lee" probably will apear only in Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel Is Crash Landing Into Disney's California Adventure Park https://ift.tt/2QbUInr
125 Days Until   
“Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows your name And they're always glad you came You wanna be where you can see Our troubles are all the same You wanna be where everybody knows your name”     
Gracias quedará increible en tu mesa
Is the world ready for Carol?     
Fist bump with ? Yes, please!  Watch ": Secret Warriors" TOMORROW at 2:05pm on !
New  Logo   (Source ⇨ Disney Press Service via Reddit:  )
Dark phoenix, Captain Marvel, Game of Thrones, Avengers 4, Spiderman Far From Home, Chaos Walking, Euphoria... 2019 is already treating me so well
EXACTLY HOW MUCH OF CAPTAIN MARVEL JUST TAKES PLACE ON THE EXPO LINE 
Thank you for everything Captain Marvel. RIP. 
Omg!  The  news today is absolutely craaaazzzzy!   set to start meeting in  next year!  And  has not only been renewed for one season but two!… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqQxDTkH3r7/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1maq6qzya0k10 …
Captain Marvel Poster and Trailer from Marvel Studios   
thor and hulk are SO wrinkly while captain marvel is like skincare routine sparkle emoji 
Avengers Members after Avengers 4 (Annihilation): - Black Panther - Ant-Man - Captain Marvel - Scarlet Witch - Vision - Wasp - Falcon - Bucky Barnes - War Machine #InfinityWar #Avengers4 #Avengers #AvengersAnnihilation #MCU
i love the idea that instead of capitalising on a wave of new, diverse heroes in the wake of black panther and captain marvel, kevin feige is super into turning the mcu into all the post-avengers fanfic
Marvelous.      
the life of captain marvel #4 [2018] 
My pick of the week is Life of  #3! Here is my comic book show where I review the issue!     
The Bumblebee trailer was better than the Captain Marvel trailer don’t @ me.
When I was a kid (79/80) Captain Marvel was a guy and Ms. Marvel was Carol Danvers 
Always an honour to be saluted by our skipper Super  at the end of a game     
  Best sellers recap /2  Second place goes to the soon to be new queen of Marvel Movie Universe heroes Captain Marvel. People liked having the version choices. Helped that Marvel ran the movie preview every hour right across from me  
Captain Marvel? 
To those insisting  moving to 2020 has nothing to do with , but instead is avoiding  &  - um, welcome to modern Hollywood, there is strong competition EVERYWHERE. Plus  took on , made over $900M
So did they move Dark Phoenix to get out of the Captain Marvel corridor, or did they move it because they're overhauling it more than they're letting on?  Also, PG 13 Deadpool. Welcome to Disney, Fox! 
MARVEL FANS BE READY FOR TOMORROW Use the  hashtag tomorrow  
The only complaint I have with the  comics is they stopped being whimsical and started to become silly - and there’s a difference.   comes off more like a buffoon than a whimsical super hero. 
so in the past month alone i’ve read the life of captain marvel #4, the girls by emma cline, and watched lady bird for the first time so to say the least i have never felt so fucking connected to myself as a young woman
I said before that Captain Marvel is the BEST way to introduce mutants into MCU continuity by using Rogue and the Brotherhood. That incident could force Professor Xavier and his team to “come out,” and fear mongering leading to the Mutant Registration Act.  
Captain Marvel is the most powerful hero in the Marvel Universe ... until a super villain figures out you can just lock her in a room and she's stuck for 7 years. 
Captain Marvel: 
Quick Captain Marvel painting I did, I also recorded my process through IG stories! Check it out, (insta )!   
WHAM!  Rock the Vote,  style!  
Why Nick Fury didn't call in Captain Marvel to fight Thanos: http://youtu.be/c3usrJdcLCM?a  via @YouTube
Lisa: Nini, I want to be a superhero. Guess my name.  Jennie: Wonder Woman? Captain Marvel? Invisible Woman? Catwoman?  Lisa: Na-uhh. yourwoman.  ctto. #JENLISA
Cover of  #18 (2002) - Cosmic Comics of the 70’s by        
Remember that Captain Marvel tried to be a pop star for a bit.  https://youtu.be/-bvYRlv7XCw
Giveaway time! I’ve got two copies of the   to give away. Like and RT this for your chance to win one. Winner picked 9/24!
Next up is obviously captain marvel!  
Richard Meyer’s critique of Captain Marvel summed up (echoed in )  -There is a woman in it.  I get it. Literally every member of the opposite sex runs away from the guy (unless he is wearing a red tie). So he is projecting his prejudice.
Fun fact: War Machine, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers), Ant-Man (Scott Lang), the Wasp (Hope Van Dyne) all replaces older heroes. In fact, Scott & Hope did that IN UNIVERSE. Legacy Heroes are a time honoured tradition in superhero stories.
I had a -ous ⁠ ⁠   ⁠ ⁠ 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/JM4XZ3UYPi8?a  Captain Marvel Prelude Reveals Why the Avengers Lost to Thanos (Nerdist
A day late, but here's some  
Marvel Studios President Leaks Details On ‘Captain Marvel’ And All-New MCU Movie 
The sky-high box office expectations for 'Captain Marvel' sets the movie up for failure  
Yo  this  variant for captain marvel is GORGEOUS !! 
The whole theater when watching Captain Marvel and the Stan Lee cameo hits. 
Spice Girls: Spice up your life.  Me: The call sheet said to submit a recent picture so I emailed my Halloween picture from last night and got an immediate response from the casting director which has never happened before saying “Are you dressed as Captain Marvel?!”
happy birthday to our captain marvel, continue to shine and pave the way for many young girls to follow. I hope you have an amazing day and know that you are so loved and cherished 
A great spot.     Trailer 
Say swear they made Captain Marvel’s true name “Car-Ell”. That’s the most cringey Kal-El ripoff we’ve seen. Please be false
Thank you to all our fans for your support! 109 million global views for the Marvel Studios'  trailer in 24 hours. Higher. Further. Faster.  
A gif I replied with, of a rhino taking a shit, got twice as many likes as his video of him crying over Captain Marvel.
“Yeah, those were tough times for you. I look up to Captain Marvel too, despite my differences with her in the past. I can see why you talk about her a lot. She's great. I just sometimes wish I had someone like her. But I don't, I mostly have to learn for myself.” 
It's fascinating watching the difference in reactions to Carol Danvers Captain Marvel (and other Strong Female CharactersTM) and Bowsette. The Captain Marvel books consistently fail to sell well, despite a massive and constant media push that THIS IS PROGRESS. /1
WAIT ITS MCKENNA GRACE SHE PLAYED IN GIFTED, I, TONYA & SHE'S YOUNG CAPTAIN MARVEL YEEEE I STAN
Ya quiero ver Venom, Captain Marvel, Avenger Infinity War 2, X-MEN Dark Phoenix.
All Upcoming   in #2019              
Awesome  homage to  Annual #2 by .  IG:           
I don't think I'm ready to see Captain Marvel, because of the Stan Lee Tribute... I know.
Tak sabar betul tahun depan Avengers 4 Captain Marvel GameofThrones .... bersambung lah list tu
Catch up on your Captain Marvel reading before the movie comes out.  
 captain marvel is typing 
Captain Marvel (1992 MTV Rock the Vote ad) | Directors: Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck | dp: Ben Davis 
I've only known you for a few days but I love you already  
 is definitely a good children's movie, my daughter is transfixed and slowly becoming a big Captain Marvel/Ms. Marvel and Squirrel Girl fan.
HAPPY 9th BIRTHDAY to Anna, who is already one of the most powerful women I’ve ever known. Like, seriously y’all; the world ain’t ready.  I’m SO proud to be her dad.     
Manjakan Penggemar Avengers. 5 Musuh Paling Kuat yang Akan Dihadapi Captain Marvel Dalam Filmnya Nanti http://loop.co.id/sl/37wkm0
The  Trailer Receives 109 Million Global Views in 24 Hours 
As Captain Marvel, Photon, Pulsar, or Spectrum I think we can all agree that Monica deserves her own solo movie.
"Hmm, ok i like that idea. Plus I'm sill a big fan of Captain Marvel.. Me and my bud Ms. Marvel have like all of her action figures." 
Marvel at Marvel Studios’ CAPTAIN MARVEL Movie -   @marvelstudioes  
How cool! This little boy is playing with  and Iron Man’s toys in the upcoming Immortal Hulk preview! 
I'M OLDER THAN CAPTAIN MARVEL?!?!
Avengers 4 trash if there isn’t a scene with captain marvel pegging thanos
New 'Captain Marvel' Trailer Next Month https://goo.gl/azNThJ
Your (semi) daily Cap cover, Whiz Comics #72 (March 1946). Cover art by CC Beck. “Captain Marvel Meets the Man of the Future!” 
Another Captain Marvel portrait sketch for Inktober today  Hope you all had a great weekend!          ist work istic 
I've been a fan of Captain Marvel since the moment I read my first comic about her! I honestly couldn't be more excited for this movie, it's gonna be so good 
Captain Marvel trailer was pretty underwhelming tbh still look forward to the movie tho
Hey  anybody know where you can buy a official movie teaser poster for  
i don’t see captain marvel 
The Life of Captain Marvel Doesn't Offer Just One New Origin Story, But Two 
Carol Danvers, is a super  fan!  
Captain Marvel during Phase 1, 2 & 3.  
Master Comics #23 - Captain Marvel Jr. 11x14 Poster Print – Available Now to Order: http://amzn.to/2jXLVXt  via @amazon
Hey, Captain Marvel: You're going to Disneyland!  
•Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) •Green Lantern (Alan Scott) •Hawkman (Carter Hall)  You could say they're my JSA Trinity. 
If Cineplexx just thinks to make Captain Marvel a ladies night and Spiderman : Into Spiderverse a children event I'll cancel them :@
Kevin Feige On What Separates ‘Captain Marvel’ From Other Origins  
You tell me, , is this a really cute Captain Marvel or what? 
It’s finally happened. Stan Lee passed away. Can’t say he didn’t live a fulfilling life at 95. I genuinely wonder if either captain marvel or avengers 4 will be his last cameo. RIP. 
People are really complaining about  cuz she isn’t smiling... SMILING in a trailer?! 
Captain Marvel is Based on Kelly Sue DeConnick's Comics Run 
i know y’all want captain marvel to defeat thanos so bad but hate to break it to u ladies n gays but that job belongs to nebula only
Can't wait to see Rune do his thing
I've been so excited to finally see one of my favorite comic characters on the big screen, portrayed by my favorite actor () that I had to  include her in the Halloween festivities!  
Lol, I am most sexually excited by Captain Marvel.. Just look at this beautiful blue creature!!   
I'm probably one of few that like both versions of the suit though I am more of a fan of the final one.  
captain marvel will outgross Wonder woman AND gets better scores 
@captainmarvel no boyfriend pleas
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/mFfRrNB5N9s?a  Captain MARVEL Energy Charge-Up in After Effects!
You probably didn't miss the Captain Marvel trailer, but what about the trailer for the "R-rated spin on Home Alone" or the trailer for a movie about a Nigerian email scammer? (via )
Captain Marvel Rocks the Vote in Latest Set Photo  
Full set of this shoot is going to be on my patreon this month! Click the link in my bio! Who else loved the captain marvel trailer?! I cant wait to see the movie!! Comment your thoughts on the trailer!!     
Captain Marvel - watercolors  painting     infinitywar
The year will be 1995!    'Captain Marvel': Year the Movie is Set in Confirmed  via 
doctor strange and captain marvel   mcu's powerful!  
Captain Marvel by @alexislederart . Like the Art? Support and Follow the Artist! .      
Heyooo to all my friends who love Marvel and specifically Captain Marvel, read this!  
If the A4 trailer came out and then two weeks later the new Captain Marvel trailer came out, would they seem too close together on the timeline?
Rock Band featuring Jessica Drew, Carol Danvers, Natasha Romanoff, and Sharon Carter. Who does what in the band? (Art by )     Society  
Hoping to see this in the end credits of  setting up his epic memorial in  !      
New update from the Disney Parks Blog! Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019: Early next year, Super Hero fans will flash back to the ‘90s when “Captain Marvel” opens in theaters on March 8, 2019, and for a limited…  
NEW ! This week it’s an avalanche of  news with , , , the  trailer and more! Get it on ITunes/Apple Podcasts, Spotify or:     
I know absolutely nothing about Captain Marvel, but if we’re giving senior superlatives I’d vote her “most likely to never return my texts about hanging out at Chilis.”
A very Happy  1st Birthday to !!! I hope your day Is -OUS!!!!! 
It’s me as !! Ahhhhh! 
Omg the trailer to #CaptainMarvel and #Glass .... I really can't wait for this.
How  Benefits From The Success Of  via  by       
As rad as Captain Marvel is, I REALLY wish Nick Fury's pager had displayed an acorn at the end of Infinity War.
CAPTAIN MARVEL Is Coming to Disneyland in 2019 
The real reason the  failed to stop Thanos is revealed in the new  comic:  
Marvel Legends Captain Marvel Series 1 is available for preorder now on  . These are due in January/February of next year.   … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTW-3aD8gs/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=15if1uwg68dki …
doctor: i was gonna ask if you’re sexually active but-  me [wearing my captain marvel vans with my hulk shirt]: but what
Captain Marvel reshoots are apparently ongoing.   That suit though, and to Coulson, Damn, that hair! 
Captain Marvel (Shazam) by  
I don’t care what anyone says, but I’m totally watching  for my birthday. I got so excited when I saw the trailer on Disney Channel. I can’t wait to see  in action as this powerful superhero!   
u’r stuck in a land where u can only watch the same 5 movies for the rest d ur life; choose these 5 — ocean's 8, carol, thor: ragnarok, captain marvel (i know it's not out yet but whatever), atomic b... https://curiouscat.me/GAYS0NLYEVENT/post/657750059?1537661554 …
Wow, love that captain marvel tunic. These photos are fantastic. You rock!  Also, it is kinda awesome that this person in the background looks like  as played by  from .  I want to go to where all this is happening.
Such a heartfelt trailer. I think I need to rewatch the animated one. Just a question for much later on. I'm curious, when you do get to see the movie, should it have been released where Nutcracker was instead of in between Captain Marvel and Avengers 4?
||It makes me mad that Phyla hasn't even been in sixty issues. Like, seriously? She was so underused and had a terrible death. Marvel needs to bring her back. Preferably as Quasar or with the Nega-Bands and some other code name. Like Photon or *cough* Captain Marvel *cough*|| 
Captain Marvel  by vvinghead   Photo by Kaminsky Kandids Photography 
Captain Marvel by  
I’m not excited for Captain Marvel... I’m ready to be crucified.
Superman would arrive and Captain Marvel would just be finishing up. "Sorry, Sup. You're a day late and a dollar short."
Shazam!!!...  ...‘Tis Captain Marvel! 
SO once again had an awesome time on the Drawn and Quartered Stream hosted by , and MCed by master orator   Subject this week was"Captain marvel - any incarnation.  Shout out  for the win!  Enjoy that, for now... :D  HEre's the one I did. Enjoy
THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE THE MOVIE STARTED AND MY HEART WAS BEATING SO FAST SKSKDJ SHE’S REALLY COMING TO SAVE US
Avengers 4 trailer leaks: Description includes LOKI, the Kree, Captain Marvel and Ronin https://newspaper-report.today/2018/10/avengers-4-trailer-leaks-description-includes-loki-the-kree-captain-marvel-and-ronin/ …
The current state of the marvel fandom   The people arguing about  not showing emotion or talking enough  The people who want James Gunn to come back   The people arguing about whose the better captain   The  stans (jim) who finally have some good news after IW
The amazing Captain Marvel, ladies and gentlemen.
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/P9qRQlX_TnE?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL AND KAASHI - IN SEARCH OF GANGA TRAILER REVIEW
Summer 2019 is bringing so many exciting movies. Captain Marvel? Hell yeah. Toy Story 4? HELL yeah. Detective Pikachu? SIGN ME THE FUCK UP.
In the wake of Stan's passing I felt compelled to go back to some of my favorite comics tonight.        
Antes de puxar um ronco veja o vídeo novo do canal. https://youtu.be/rqgwT6eEq4M  #CaptainMarvel
Excited na ako sa captain marvel infinity war who?
GGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLL  And it’s captain marvel Jooooobbbbbbbbiiiiiiii McAnuffffffffffffff equalising for  1-1
RETWEET IF YOU WANT TO JOIN A FILIPINO MARVEL GROUP CHAT   - must stan marvel (obviously) - be nice and have your dms open  - willing to watch captain marvel/avengers 4 together  - no hate, just crack  - kinda selective  - making at 20 rts  - if flopped, never happened 
The captain marvel trailer has more dislikes on YouTube then the Venom trailer — Yeah because dumbasses don’t understand the character (CM) lol https://curiouscat.me/razazafar00/post/659391826?1537807764 …
 Theory Teases Appearance From A Young Hawkeye -  
Not crazy about the new Captain Marvel retcon. I'm not pissed about it since I'm not a big fan of the character, but it makes her less unique IMO. She kinda seems to be more like Superman now.
Marvel Monday: Captain Marvel. I’ve been holding onto this one since the trailer came out so I thought I’d go ahead and post it since I’m busy with other things.   
  R. I. P           I hope ur there in avengers 4                           And captain marvel 
Fawcett was ahead of its time on many things.  More than a decade before Oa had a sector 2814, the United Worlds in Captain Marvel's universe had Earth located in Sector Z, Zone 88B. 
Aquaman is getting an all-new comic mythology from the writer who revamped Captain Marvel.  
I think #Starfire and #CaptainMarvel would be great together as a crossover ship! — I don’t like captain marvel that much I would rather have kory with Diana maybe https://curiouscat.me/gadotaylor/post/685963429?1540319379 …
Check out  original CC Beck  artwork up for auction!! https://twitter.com/hakesauctions/status/1060570221109493761?s=21 …
I was actually expecting to see him in captain marvel 
I love DC more in every way outside of the current movies, so Into the Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4 for me
Captain Marvel's getting a badass, post-apocalyptic new look in her upcoming comic series:  
This was pretty much expected in my mind.  The MCU is a super successful brand with a lot of consumer goodwill and a massive fanbase, it's also the first female superhero solo in the MCU, and yes I think the name Captain Marvel naturally helps market it as a Marvel property.
Captain Marvel and Supergirl.  The title is "The Captain's and The Kryptonian's Guide to the Galaxy". 
Avengers 4: Captain Marvel Powerful Enough To Resist Thanos’ Snap? 
Great cover!!! Wonder Woman looks ultra ultimate BADASS with this full weaponized suit!!!! And damn, what a trio: Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and Superman. Reminds me of the classic Justice Society power trio, Spectre, Doctor Fate and the flaming Green Lanter. Unstoppable!!! 
We still got captain Marvel and Avengers 4 tho
Forget captain marvel? Avengers?
Captain Marvel Punched a Grandma?? (Trailer Reaction): http://youtu.be/kvBzvozDS6M?a  via @YouTube
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Weird Trailer | FUNNY SPOOF PARODY by Aldo Jones
most anticipated movie(s) of 2019? — joker, it chapter 2 and captain marvel. https://curiouscat.me/galensdeathstar/post/680358830?1539794758 …
intellects: hey guys wanda is a nazi, shes ungrateful and unapologetic, shes supposed to be a romani-jew instead of whities  mcu wendy stans: STAN TWITTER TOLD US "you ugly fucking bitch???? you racist whore i hate you you stan a nazi you racist piece of shit stan captain marvel-
Its not for Monica as a character, its for her time as Captain Marvel.
Latest Captain Marvel Photo May Pinpoint What Year the Film Is Set  
xmen dark phoenix trailer leaked and its already better than captain marvel
Yo con A4, Far from Home, Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel 2018.. How 
thinking about how im excited for captain marvel and ww84 omg i love two powerful women
Played MVCI tonight  Man I missed this game   My Captain Marvel tho
As soon as yo pop up on Captain Marvel... 
CAPTAIN MARVEL's helmet seen in today's new trailer is very comic-accurate: 
Next trailer is "Avengers 4 Teaser Trailer" not 2nd trailer for Captain Marvel according to the boss Kevin Feige. 
 is filming right next to my gym, which I only figured out after some hacker-level Googling of last names and first initials. Shout out to the PA who told me they were filming a mayonnaise commercial you're doing a good job   
Are we talking "thrown under a bus" Deaths, like Teen Titans in a Johns crossover, or "Death of Captain Marvel" death stories?
So...my love for  is so intense, that my husband, knowing this, searched high and low for this autographed photo of  and got it for me. If you hear screaming somewhere in the world tonight...it's me...still freaking out!  
also: before it started they played the captain marvel trailer!!! i got to see it on the big screen, love that
Thanos when he sees Captain Marvel 
Marvel Studios’ Illustrator Reveals ‘Captain Marvel’ Concept Art Behind The Film -  https://designtaxi.com/news/401812/Marvel-Studios-Illustrator-Reveals-Captain-Marvel-Concept-Art-Behind-The-Film/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+designtaxi_news+%28TAXI+Daily+News%29 …
This was my Captain Marvel when I started reading comics. 
Colleague watching Captain Marvel trailer: she just punched an old lady!   Me: 
You're 29 today . Love u, my hero. I'll always support u. Love u  
"Carol Danvers believed she was alone in this world..." This is SUCH an important moment in 's life. It's never too late to find out about your past, about who you are and how you came to be. Thanks  for this series, paving the way for  in 2019
But was this corruption one that he chose..?  PNNKT! The Kingdom Key was slung, clashing with Captain Marvel’s mighty knee, sparks of metal and lightning flashing bright enough to blind most whom watched their bout. UNFORTUNATELY for Sora, that time limit mentioned earlier had —
Daredevil is coming back  Captain Marvel trailer   setting records   What a time to be a marvel fan.
124 days before  
What's crazy is that in the new Captain Marvel trailer they had to use motion capture software to create a believable looking Blockbuster.
My fears about Captain Marvel is that we've already had a film with a hero falling from the sky and stuck in the desert with SHIELD...it was called Thor 1. ...well, that and amnesia plotlines tend to suck.
Happy birthday ! Wishing you a marvelous birthday! Such an inspirational figure, our one and only   
Haize discusses the  verdict +   trailer and welcomes artist/author  to talk about her book "Fly Bird Sing".  has the Unpopular Opinion +   has The Petty News.        https://player.whooshkaa.com/episode?id=278891 …
Can you imagine how life would have been without these? Marvel?  AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   Thank you Stan Lee for everything #StanLeeForever
thanos:  captain marvel: 
Same in a way. But we’re getting Captain Marvel and that back to back so it’ll be worth
Punching Skrulls in the face is kind of her thing.  
Captain Marvel in March Vs WW84 in November.... 
FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  #ZeroFastest50MnOnYT
mcu stans yelling about how good captain marvel will be for rep while ignoring jessica jones' existence 
Carl, per usual, putting on a clinic.   I said on my last episode that Captain Marvel fans know, regardless of how good the Shazam movie is (and I'm rooting for its success), it could have been even better if they'd just used the classic concept. 
Here's why Nick Fury waited until the Snap to page  
RT if u stan:  b99 antman (and the wasp) scope captain marvel avengers the gifted  van helsing   need followers from these
Trailer moments straight from comics!  
Obligatory pre-con selfies. I'm all about my new  jacket from . 
Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel is not a “resting” bubbly person. Her clenching her fists and not looking happy is on brand for her. Of course, she does have a range of emotions. But shes not the overly bubbly and upbeat type of person.
The DC captain marvel movie looks great.
So if I have this right Captain America is the 1st Avenger Captain Marvel is the 2nd and Iron Man is the 3rd.
What I assume happens in    
Captain Marvel’s Avengers 4 Weapon Possibly Revealed by Leaked Art -  
The latest from @FreakSugar Exclusive Preview: THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 https://ift.tt/2CfShIT
Is it too late just to add a scene into  where Carol is walking down the street and some guy yells at her, “Smile!”...  And she just punches him all the way to the moon?  That would be so satisfying.  
She’s sooo hyped to be in a  film.   
1. Superman 2. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 3. Wonder Woman (Diana Prince)  4. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 5. Supergirl (Kara Zor-EL) 6. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 7. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 8. Quake (Daisy Johnson) 9. The Flash (Barry Allen)  10. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 
captain marvel #16 [2012] 
Captain Marvel, IX, Spider-Man. The idea of not have closure for the avengers, just having to piece things together from the next phase movies, is hilarious. 
2019 CINÉFILO:  Hellboy  Glass The Lego movie 2 Cómo entrenar a tu dragón 3 XMen DF   Captain Marvel  Dumbo  Shazam  Avengers 4  Godzilla 2  Toy Story 4  Spider-Man: Far From Home  Once Upon a Time in Hollywood  It 2 Joker James Bond 25 Frozen 2 Wonder Woman 2 Star Wars 9 
Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman 2  - The Truth about the Delay https://youtu.be/3zjX_tbWEVE  via @YouTube
New Captain Marvel Trailer Next Month https://goo.gl/azNThJ
Here's a great   type of  story!  No, there aren't any werewolves, but there is a weretiger!  Captain Marvel  and Mr. Tawny  team up to fight this terrible tiger terror! 
Captain Marvel (Shot on Android) (2018) 
EDIT: I would be lying if I wasn't bummed that  wasn't joining  to amp up 2019 as the YEAR OF POWER WOMEN! 
World's Fastest Teaser/Trailer To Get 1 Million Likes On YouTube  1 #Sarkar 4.5 Hours 2 #AvengersInfinityWar 21 Hours 3 #ThugsOfHindostan 3Days 4 #CaptainMarvel - 7 Days 5 #Venom -12 Days 6 #Mersal -23 Days 7 #TigerZindaHai 34 Days  #SarkarTeaser   STUNNING SARKAR TEASER
Can we please have Chris Samnee on a classic Captain Marvel title?  It’s Shazamnee time! 
717) Life of Captain Marvel Vol.2 #01 | Margaret Stohl, Carlos Pacheco, Marguerite Sauvage 
there’s probably going to be a rip stan lee in captain marvel or A4 huh.. 
captain marvel makes me gay even more.
Of course, Captain Marvel saves the day, and at long last, Ebenezer is arrested and justice was served.  The moral here is that Billy Batson was good and kind even to those who had mistreated him severely and didn't deserve an ounce of his kindness. 
But you CAN read Captain Marvel every month on Marvel... 
sa 2019 save the date  Godzilla  Shazam IT Chapter 2 X MEN New Mutants X MEN DARK PHOENIX CAPTAIN MARVEL INFINITY WAR PART 2  HELLBOY  JOKER  SUICIDE SQUAD 2  SPIDERMAN FAR FROM HOME  ANO TARA?
Super hyped for  to release   series. Also for next months  and next years , plus the upcoming  and . Also finally a marvel movie I’m excited for is next years .
2019 is gonna be the most massive year of all time in terms of ! :o                 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/Xclbpzhui1k?a  The Mighty Captain Marvel Challenges My Fragile Masculinity
‘Captain Marvel’ Punches A Baby In Weird Trailer Parody  
those captain marvel set pictures have revived me, we are truly blessed today
RIP Stan.
Loved being Spider-Man this halloween, with my friends Nick Fury, Captain America, and Captain Marvel 
The trailer for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie has me so hyped. I CAN'T WAIT.   What's a hero movie you'd really like to see come to fruition?   (My IG:  ) 
me when the captain marvel trailer transitioned from “her” to “a hero” 
The  trailer playing at the   booth. Higher. Further. Faster.
Who else is stupid excited for the new  trailer?     (lines by me, colors by @benlucas343) 
thejettyjetshowYoutube is down, time to move on to bigger and better thing.  In the meantime I'm drawing,  
Every flerken thing you need to know about the furry Easter egg in Captain Marvel's poster.  
“Daddy I met Danny again”...Cheers Captain Marvel  &  
Marvel writer Margaret Stohl on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series http://dnai.in/fLFH  via @dna @ruchasharma
#MCU Schedule as of 11-14-2018  Captain Marvel: 113 days * Avengers 4: 169 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 232 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Enough Said.
I have to disagree. Some of the oldest and strongest comic book heros are women; Storm, Lady Luck, Black widow ( frm the 40s) , Miss fury,Dagger,Spider-girl, Cat woman, Bat girl, Captain Marvel, Jean Grey... comic book writers been inclusive,  some sexist (stories)but inclusive. 
Blessing your timeline.  
Have you WATCHED The  trailer today? Iam still NUMB. PLEASE DO!watch and send your comment on Marvel’s channel!  
We made a really lame joke about Captain Marvel punching an old lady to try and impress stand-up comedian . It went well!  New episode: http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/lights-camera-barstool/id1279516571?mt=2 …pic.twitter.com/QEX8SHgEqL
As if you needed more reasons to love , she is a HUGE Game of Thrones fan  
The Dark Phoenix trailer will drop around 12am EST/9am for me, so I’ll be fully awake... Karma repaying me for having to wake up at 5am for Captain Marvel’s trailer last week. 
READ THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL EVEN IF YOU DONT READ COMICS EVEN IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND A THING ABOUT CAROL DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO AND READ IT
Just gonna drop this here   comics
I’m gonna cry at the end of  when the credits roll 
Can't wait to see it! #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2CLCF0d
An updated official CAPTAIN MARVEL logo has been released: 
captain marvel’s release date here is on my birth month ??????!!??  bretman_rock_screaming.mp4
 these kiddos really loved watching  today at our  party! They totally love    and  
We might still see at least 2 Stan Lee cameos: Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. As for Spider-Man: Far From Home not that sure since they are not yet done filming it. 
Seven movies with Captain Marvel? Sign me the fuck up 
 my favorite ... https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTKM58Fraw/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1kbbejnnxuods …
Captain Marvel • Official Trailer | IMAX® •   Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 3.8.2018  Trailer 
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is. -- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"
Lee Pace at Avengers Panel Interview  with Chris Evans and  Karen Gillan in Chicago, October 13 th 2018  (2) source :     Chicago     
Someone actually counted the words in the captain marvel trailer just to get offended the phrase too much time on your hands comes to mind. Also this is the shit that makes people want it to fail 
Will Captain Marvel Be The MCU's First Flop?: http://youtu.be/nuliL_D2Y_Y?a  via @YouTube
Arriva una nuova foto di Captain Marvel http://dlvr.it/QqctlY
Captain Marvel and Captain America we’re both in Scott Pilgrim vs The World and I’m not saying it’s a coincidence or anything buuuuuut 
, Captain Marvel 
NEWS: Captain Marvel Coming to Disney California Adventure in Early 2019!  
Got some catching up to do.  
Scott Pilgrim the movie where Captain Marvel’s ex kills Captain America
There might have been a few thug tears while watching the  trailer 
Avengers 4 mattum illa nanba... #captainmarvel and #spidermanFarHome layum cameo shot already eduthacham...
History in the making:  is starring in , making her the first woman to lead a Marvel superhero movie 
PERFECT FANART !  Captain Marvel versus Thanos.  
Here are some  facts you might not be aware of!  I'm going to make these a regular feature on my blog - hope you like them! 
Enjoyed the Captain Marvel trailer? MARVEL SUPER HERO ADVENTURES: CAPTAIN MARVEL - FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL is out tomorrow with cover drawn by me! Get your Captain Marvel fill!        s
Jude Law teases possible Captain Marvel twist we weren't expecting. http://ow.ly/pFXN30mEta3
Me, a giant Captain Marvel fan, reading the preview pages for next week's issue. 
When I'm sober and watch the #CaptainMarvel trailer... I get chills. When I'm buzzed off a Four Loko... as I am currently... my whole goddamn body shudders.
Captain Marvel Theory: Mar-Vell Gender-Swapped To Be Carol's Mother -  
See How Villains Kept Trying to Keep Billy Batson From Saying 'Shazam!" via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2ROXKuZ
Crossover foda esse   cosplay  cosplay  4   cosplay  cosplay https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo7vfvhnjp2/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=14yl7u0ozk1d4 …
A gear idea for  inspired by Captain Marvel. Since a ton of ladies started to make gears inspired by WW. for women's empowerment. Why not add Captain Marvel into the mix?  
Awesome.  trailer had 109M global views in 24 hours. so excited to see the movie on March 8, 2019. 
Hey @Disney @RobertIger @MarvelStudios @Kevfeige Since Iron Man I have never not been excited for the next MCU movie. Then you fired @JamesGunn. Now all I can muster for @captainmarvel is "Hmm, that's nice." #RehireJamesGunn #NoGunnNoGuardians
This month on  I wrote all about , , , stoned lobsters, octopuses on ecstasy, , , , , , , ,  & more!   Read my articles here: 
Excelsior True Believers         comics   infinitywar          
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/RNB7qtMTWoY?a  Is Jude Law the Secret Villain of Captain Marvel?
What name is right doesnt matter. Shazam is Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel is  And that's it.
captain marvel avengers 4 spiderman fram for home it chapter 2  2019 LLEGA YA POR FAVOR
mckenna grace photoshoot redraw.. This has to be my least favorite one yet :))        
Tomorrow’s lesson is film which means I get paid to make all my students talk about Captain Marvel weeeeeeeeeeee
#CaptainMarvel is set to take flight at @DisneylandParis' Marvel Summer of Super Heroes, returning in 2019! Learn more:http://bit.ly/2PiGDF6
Yes indeed!   
 the real captain marvel 
Decided to draw a ‘90’s teenage Captain Marvel.  
How many winners of the Academy Award for acting in a leading role does Marvel have playing a main hero (not supporting or villain) in the MCU?  Just one. Not Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Spider-Man, Ant-Man, Doctor Strange, or Black Panther.  
if captain marvel dont gaf about an old lady then you KNOW she dont give a fuck about thanos OOF
All right, so the Captain marvel trailer has me all like fryholdingoutmoney.gif.
 Coming to Disney  Park in Early 2019  
Captain Marvel, Deadpool 2 temporarily bring Blockbuster Video back to life http://bit.ly/2plHWnh
Thank you @markellislive @ThinkHero & @ReillyAround for taking the question! Reilly, I knew you’d get a kick out of the question. #CaptainMarvel post-credit scene will probably involve her getting the page & end up in the quantum realm meeting Ant-Man (JMO)
can we just like uhh get captain marvel and let the mcu die after that
So I'm a moron and thought "Captain Marvel" meant "Shazam."
Favourite deck at the moment, just going for a straight forward avengers sorta theme. Absolutely love that  card 
2019 is going to be better. Already scheduled with more hopefully to come:  Miss Bala Frozen 2 The Rhythm Section Captain Marvel The Sun Is Also a Star The Kitchen Charlie’s Angels Queen & Slim Little Women 
1. Spider-man (Peter Parker) 2. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 3. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 4. Flash (Barry Allen) 5. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 6. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 7. Green Arrow (Oliver Queen) 8. Scarlett Witch 9. Thor (Jane Foster) 10. Superman
Author, Ean Gardiner will be chatting to Mike Sweeney tomorrow morning on BBC Radio Manchester about his new book ‘HarryStafford-Manchester United’s First Captain Marvel’. Don’t forget to tune in. Show starts at 10am 
While it’s true that Fawcett called him Captain Thunder before they settled on Captain Marvel, there is no evidence that Fiction House’s character had anything to do with it.  Per Ralph Daigh himself, he simply didn’t like it and ordered a change. 
I wanna talk about the life of Captain Marvel #3 with y’all! THAT REVELATION! But I won’t spoil. You won’t too! Let’s talk via DM with our writer 
Hello I said I was going to do a video on my dumb  theory. And I did this is it.  
HOLY SHIT Kelly Thompson is taking over Captain Marvel
— Day 2 of Inktober: Captain Marvel —  Hey finally day 2 on *checks watch* the 11th of October!! Lmao I know this is super far behind but I promise you I’m working on it  2018
I thought you were talking about Captain Marvel.  I don’t really care if we get another Dark Phoenix trailer. 
Blue Beetle and Booster Gold.  Captain Marvel and Spider-Woman.  Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz.  Green Arrow and Hal. 
ALSO YOURE MAKEUP LOOKS SO GOOD
Good news! Episode 4 of the Captain Marvel Podcast is now available on itunes! Thanks again to  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-captain-marvel-podcast/id1384754864?mt=2 …
DC’s Shazam Comic Will Resolve a 5-Year-Old Plotline via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2ORqR3K
Had a little bit fun with the app  can’t wait to see Phil Coulson in Captain Marvel!  
The face I make when they tell me to smile.    
RED ALEET! CODE RED!  will be in Brazil this December at  !!!! She’ll be sort of the  panel! OMG! She’ll visit in my country!!!!!! OMG 
New Look At Young Coulson In  Reshoot Photos 
 Receives a Dramatic New Origin From 
@TomKingTK what's this I hear about you killing off Poison Ivy? Please don't. She is everything to me. She's my hero. Her and Captain Marvel have helped me so much recently, to fight back and get the help I need. Please don't kill her off  #SavePoisonIvy
DEFINITELY! Like hell, she is the strongest Avenger, not Captain Marvel! I’m tired with these “mental manipulation (which she never uses anymore) & telekinesis” just because MCU Jean Grey-ed her. Reality Warping Chaos Magic FTW!
Who do you think is the best female superhero? — captain marvel or jessica jones https://curiouscat.me/regalevans/post/710381418?t=1542672173 …
do you think tony will get mad at fury for not sending captain marvel to kill bucky
I need set videos, photos, and promotional pictures from: Daredevil season 3, Aquaman, Avengers 4 (lol good luck), X-Men Dark Phoenix, and maybe whatever else you guys might think would work.   So far I've already got Captain Marvel, Spider-Man FFH, WonderWoman, and Joker.
She’s the last hope of the  & the first one to make your day!   
Captain Marvel By   
A cameo of Agent May in  would be a dream !    
There were three Skullbusters, so if Captain Marvel defeats the first one in this movie, they can bring another one back for her to fight in the modern day.  If they're really going through with the secret "Blockbuster" lair thing, this could really pay off in Infinity War 2. 
 director David F. Sandberg has to remember who the original  is... 
To the haters and smile-enforcers out there...   
When you can't find merch you want, you gotta make it yourself.  
I just LOVE THAT , our former  writer was somehow involved in the  movie! She really understands our hero and made her a global success! Higher further faster more! 
Now that  has finally given us our first look at , you may want to know more about her origin, powers, and abilities! Well, we’ve got you covered:  
Captain Marvel goes Binary in today's SQUIRREL GIRL #37!  &  kill it as usual (great Civil War joke there), and this is Carol's third major appearance today with the Avengers, after AVENGERS #9 and IMMORTAL HULK #7. Did you pick it up, ?
the life of captain marvel #4 [2018] —champion  
If you could only watch one? RT Avengers 4 LIKE Captain Marvel 
confuse about the mcu timeline.. haha i know captain marvel movie timeline is on 90's then where the fuck is she all this time (MCU), hulat nalang ta sa 2019 
Preview: THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 by   Rafael Fonteriz, Eric D'Urso        
Start the new work week with a new . Enjoy videos from , , , , , , , , , ,  and the  trailer. 
Two weeks until #MCMLondon if you see a Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and Harley Quinn wandering around together, that'll be me and my group
CAPTAIN MARVEL 
ALELUIA IRMÃO!!!!
Tagline for Captain Marvel:   In Space, No One Can Hear You Say You'd Be So Pretty If You Smiled
Forgot to post this update! Yay for  ! Can't wait to see her and Chewie on the big screen!        art  carver carverart  studios istsontwitter
Ok so my mum called me fat again SO YOU KNOW WHAT BICH IMMA LOSE >2 STONE BY THE CAPTAIN MARVEL RELEASE DATE AND ON THAT DAY IMMA WEAR THIS SUIT, not only because I’ll rt this on that day and think ‘huh I actually did it whod’ve guessed’ but as inspiration for me, laid ease  
My Captain Marvel “Don’t you ‘lady’ me, son.” badge ribbons are also very popular with non-binary folks, which I should have predicted but utterly failed to. 
Higher. Further. Faster.    Studios  
Esto es lo que pone en el poster japones de CAPTAIN MARVEL:  ”Lost Past, Memories Trapped, Powers Gained, Is this me? The story before the Avengers.” 
Captain Marvel ready to kick some alien asses 
Marvel changes 's origin story ahead of movie  
Civil War and Captain Marvel laugh at this
Just call me  
In honor of none other than Captain Marvel uwu 
New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review   & talk the latest from     Podbean:  iTunes: 
amy used charlie yelling CAAAAROLLLL as the intro to her captain marvel edit and i can’t breathe
Gal Gadot’s Wonder Woman 1984 release delayed, Captain Marvel is the only solo female superhero film of 2019  
"look, i gave tony a way to reach me. if he needs us, all he has to do is call."  marvel's captain marvel prelude 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/JM4XZ3UYPi8?a  Captain Marvel Prelude Reveals Why the Avengers Lost to Thanos (Nerdist News w/ Dan
TRAILER REVIEW:  http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …
Funny how when a woman who looks like that tends to show up in a book is shamed like what they did in Captain Marvel when Carl looked at what she used to look like and scoffed.
He has cameos in both  and   @ Preston, West Virginia https://www.instagram.com/p/BqKWQpqhiTH/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=172nnque3i73v …
Get ready for  with 's new "Captain Marvel" series kicking off in January.  It's one of our top picks in today's  look at the House of Ideas.
WE’RE GETTING ALADDIN, TOY STORY 4, THE LION KING, STAR WARS EPISODE 9, CAPTAIN MARVEL AND AVENGERS 4. THANK YOU DISNEY
When you see “in memory of Stan Lee” at the end of Captain Marvel/Avengers 4  
Captain Marvel (could literally tank and still be #1 because we stan for Carol Danvers) Ragnarok Guardians 1 Black Panther Avengers 1
We miss you legend  Studios     
Little preview of an upcoming  cover by 
Getting to Know Captain Marvel Part 2 - In Pursuit of Flight 
I’ve watched the  trailer at least 15 times this weekend. Still so excited 
it's funny that male marvel fans accuse women of liking marvel because we find the heroes hot yet here they are upset that captain marvel isn't smiling in the trailer, like that even has anything to do with the plot at all, yall just wanna jerk off to captain marvel smiling huh 
Captain Marvel during Avengers: Infinity War: 
Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel | PLACE
What is Starforce? Get to know the elite Kree military unit from Captain Marvel!    
You know that de-aging tech the used to make Sam Jackson look young in Captain Marvel? They’ve figured out how to do that in real life and are gonna use it on Joe Cole. #BaselessRowdiesSpeculation
Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns. George Eliot  
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER IS OUT????? Was literally binge watching theory videos LAST NIGHT
men are literally saying that captain marvel should SMILE MORE,, wonder where i've heard that before 
twitch streaming at 7:30pm EST at http://twitch.tv/coralsword  on the @CoralSword @Twitch stream - this week: Rocking the Vote with Captain Marvel, TWD, Breaking Bad, Shrek, Goku and more pop culture news. Tune in: http://twitch.tv/coralsword
CAPTAIN MARVEL Holds The Key To The AVENGERS - 
captain marvel - purple please rt and credit if you use! 
BRIE LARSON reveals new look at 'CAPTAIN MARVEL'  
I still have no idea how Captain Marvel came into this conversation at all. Even with the original release dates they were 8 months apart ??? Besides stupidity and the need to create clickbait to get traffic I got nothing.
In honour of the release of the badass Captain Marvel trailer, here are author  's top 10 Kickass Women in Fantasy   
 Task Force as The Avengers!   as Captain Marvel,  as Captain America,  as Iron Man,  as Black Widow.  
Was in the Disney Store, and the #CaptainMarvel trailer came on. A young Asian boy (abt. 4) jumped up, pointed at the screen, and yelled, "Captain Marvel!!!" and jumped around (along with my daughter). 1/
OH KAY RUDE OLD LADY. Yall seen the Captain Marvel trailer? Because you're about to.
Captain Marvel touches down at Disney California Adventure park in early 2019! Get the details:  
     Yess. So good to know.         
"BATTLE OF SUPERHEROES"  RT  For    Like  For   
 Did you notice..... logo which is displayed on Nick Fury's "pager-thingy" is inverted. Is it intentional?? 
The many expressions of Captain Marvel 
i want captain marvel to be my girlfriend send tweet
You should definitely be picking up Life of  by  because the new ongoing by  will pick up straight after it! New era, new moment! HER BEST YET!!
It’s halloween y’all    
Episode 227: We discuss    the     and more  Trailer           
What are your guesses for Jude Law’s character in  movie ?  [follow  for more]            4 
No it says more about Twitter’s 2:20 limit to videos.   Everything there is in context. I clipped the ENTIRE speech he had about Captain Marvel. Before and after are different topics.   Nice try justifying your hate.
Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel  
si es verdad que en diciembre vamos a tener el primer trailer de A4 y sffh y que ademas el segundo de captain marvel posta que me voy a morir
Marvel has a pretty busy schedule:  March 8, 2019 Captain Marvel  May 3, 2019 Avengers 4  May 1, 2020 title TBD, maybe Spider-Man: Far From Home?   Nov. 6, 2020 title TBD, maybe Doctor Strange 2?  Feb. 12, 2021 title TBD, maybe BlackPanther 2? https://cnet.co/2OyKe1e
OR Captain Marvel is her own character, totally unrelated to Steve Rogers, who happens to have "Captain" on her superhero name as well. Let female characters exists without comparing them to what you consider their "male" counterpart, you dumb fucklings. 
Check out Captain Marvel #1 CGC 9.0 September 2012  
Today’s  is Work In Progress! Here is my current spot for ! . Ahh!! I’m so happy with it! She is looking so great. Can’t wait to see what this week will bring.  ____    cosp…  
Captain Marvel | 2019 | Official Trailer [HD] | https://cstu.io/aa65a0
Aaaand 3 minutes in Kamala is stanning Captain Marvel #MarvelRising
(Week 29) Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you... the new CAPTAIN!    
Let's fast forward to March so I can see captain marvel
i just saw the captain marvel trailer i 3d and im gay
If I was DC and I like money, a Steve Rude Captain Marvel book would be a high priority for me. 
i’m so excited for captain marvel and a4 and far from home i need them noW
i need next year to happen already I MEAN CAPTAIN MARVEL A4 AND FFH WE ARE GOING TO BE FED
Captain Marvel Art By . Inspired from Captain Marvel Comic    
Daily Podcast: Netflix Marvel Shows, Blumhouse, Captain Marvel, Property Brothers, Rambo & Bohemian Rhapsody  
Avengers Infinity Time.                        
Can’t wait for Captain Marvel aka Nick Fury gon lose that motherfuckin eye
The Captains   
You want to know how to change a character's origin in an amazing way? Life Of Captain Marvel #4 | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via      
Update: Rider got pilot, he’s really gonna be the male Captain Marvel. I can’t wait till he gets infused with Kree DNA.
I got to say I don't need a handbag and I am not Captain Marvel biggest fan, but this look positively good 
// now that I've had some time to process it. I think it's crazy how next year we're getting a captain marvel movie, Avengers 4 and the next Spider-Man movie(my favourite character) and none of them are my most anticipated of the year. #DetectivePikachu
so when are we getting some new captain marvel content 
Angelina Jolie as Selene from X-men she would be dope in a comic book lover role      
Years? Captain Marvel’s pager must be extra slow then. 
Let’s see how she’s does as Captain Marvel before we start saying she Would be a good anything else.
Captain Marvel & She-Ra are going to beat the sexist fanboys to dust
OMGcosplay, Captain Marvel 
Me during Stan Lee’s cameo in Captain Marvel & Avengers 4 
You all may keep trying to test me but I'm absurdly patient. Not only because of the topics I touch here, but you're talking to someone who watches movies without having seen the trailers  Infinity war? Not one trailer. Captain Marvel? Nein. Star Trek? Almost died but also nope
   The life of Captain Marvel #3 The whole issue tries to prepare and prime you for the twist, but the thing feels a little forced. But the slice of life before it and the anticipation do a good job of investing you in the book even more. 
YES DO IT, he told me they had a captain marvel hat but they sold out and ive never seen it
Captain Marvel Forever!!!
Holy Flerken! 's First Poster Contains a Furry Comic Book Easter Egg  
“The Boss of Space” returns to Earth in Captain Marvel 1 coming from  in January by     & . I had an excellent conversation with Kelly Thompson about it. Check it out here: 
1. Captain America  2. She Hulk 3. Captain Marvel (Monica) 4. Thor 5. Iron Man 6. Hawkeye (Clint) 7. Wasp (Janet) 
“Shazam!” Happy Saturday!  
I can’t wait for marvel stan twitters names to say blank saw captain marvel
Happy Sunday! Mister Mind versus the Wisdom of Solomon! Thanks to Joe Milone for his amazing work including my Shazam logo pin!       
 the Ultimates.  1.  It's rare that I find a team comic where I like every character.  Black Panther, Blue Marvel, Captain Marvel, America Chavez, & Spectrum are all excellent, well conceived characters.  I hope we get to see more of all of them. 
Me waiting patiently for Captain Marvel to come out 
#CaptainMarvel sees Carol Danvers falling from the sky and crashing through a roof to the surprise of the people inside. She also seems to be working for SHIELD. The #DoctorWho WWFTE and UNIT parallels are weirdly coincidental
can she be more perfect?  
Captain Marvel goes for the head in 'Infinity War' fan edit    (via )
We’re not getting it soon. We just got Captain Marvel we won’t get Avengers 4 till late December/early January. And I can promise we won’t get Spider-Man until Captain Marvel releases in February.
“Carol. My little Car-Ell... CHAMPION. That’s what the name means on Hala. She’s strong. She’ll grow up to be stronger than any human.”  
The first  trailer has arrived.  
VERONICA AS CAPTAIN MARVEL AND RIZAVI AS KAMALA  LAUREN’S MIND UGH  
CAPTAIN MARVEL is joining the cast of Disney Cruise Lines:  
I just saw a girl walking down the street in a captain marvel jacket.... we stan
Good Write Up on Stan Lee and Spider-Man, Totally Inaccurate Summary of Captain Marvel / Shazam via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2DLMxYO
“I can be whoever I want. I can feel however I want.” Wishing a  to the beautiful ,  on her 29th birthday!
Fácil: Scarlet Witch, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Black Widow y yo...ANT-MAN 
i've decided that if I don't finish Captain Marvel in time for Halloween, my backup is buying everything for a 13th Doctor costume Tbh tho I'm so lazy that sounds like a great idea
It really looks like Captain Marvel's costume, doesn't it? 
Cheers! Sharing this with my Captain Marvel fan group!
Jude Law was on Late Show de Stephen Colbert, and kept the secrecy regarding his character in ! 
If you ever want to know what my girlfriend is like, just read a Captain Marvel comic written by . Fierce, down to earth, able to fly high, makes the occasional Star Wars reference. Cap is great in it, but it took me a bit to figure out why she felt so familiar.
The Captain Marvel trailer was on before Venom and seeing it up on the big screen made me SO HAPPY
: We're exactly 150 days away from ! Cast: , , , , , .
Can Loki make an appearance in Captain Marvel so we get this trio again? Thanks 
I hope Captain Marvel takes time off during her movie to go see BATMAN FOREVER.
What a solid performance from Holder, should be rated as one of the best captains today. It's easy to be called captain Marvel when you have a winning team. but the true captain courageous is the one who inspires a loosing team to achieve unthinkable. Holder and Mortaza
Oh man. That Vision guy always looks reserved or confused. It’s almost like he’s some god-like being coming to terms with his power and trying to figure out his place in this universe.   Does that mean  is a bad actor? He never smiles.    
Attempt 3 on , tried some weird stuff and much more practice needed but I got dem colors where I like em! After shading with eyeshadow for 2 years I forced myself not to and IT FELT FREAKIN WEIRD DUDE. Maybe attempt 4 on stream? 
Just pre ordered!!!   #1 BY  24x36 POSTER! In shops January 2nd, 2019!
"Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return."  II.ii    
1. captain marvel 2. avengers 4 3. captain marvel 2 4. avengers 5 5. captain marvel 3 6. avengers 6 7. either avengers 7 or maybe features in another film like doctor strange???
#CaptainMarvel is so iconic  She copied both Shazam's AND Superman's names! #OriginalCaptainMarvel #KalEl
 VS   Fight!!! ***Wonder Woman surrender even before the fight started***  
We are proud to feature Marvel Entertainment artist  at . Visit him at booth 2317 for his amazing prints!  
  UK UK        MusicInc  
captain marvel once she sees thanos in a4 
me before and after watching the captain marvel trailer 
y’all 2019 is THE year for movies and tv...  -GOT season 8 -ST season 3 -Avengers 4 -Captain Marvel -live action Lion King -live action Aladdin -IT: Chapter 2 -Glass -Dark Phoenix -Spider-Man: Far from Home -Godzilla: King of Monsters -Star Wars: Episode IX  ...to name a few
omg y’all especially w people like “don’t give gotg a third movie” or “captain marvel is gonna be so boring, don’t watch it” or bullshit like that, stop trying to ruin something that other people love. nobody asked you to indulge in things you didn’t like. mind your own business
The Captain Marvel trailer really proves that this year the Marvel movies are really hey now that you're reading this you should see Sorry To Bother You
So many cool covers!  
went on a quick day trip to rhode island comic con with kamala, carol, & ochaco  • ochaco uraraka:   • ms. marvel:   • captain marvel:   
sooooooooooooooooo...... what happened to captain marvel content 
thanks to @CallMeSnaps - the 2 pre-bookable meet and greets AKAHeroic Encounters offered are: 1) Mission: New York which mentions Cap, Iron Man, Spider Man, and Black Panther 2) Groot  I suspect Captain Marvel will take Cap's M&G spot outside the WDT.
Yes we know Captain Marvel final trailer
#CaptainMarvel Re-reading all the stuff from the last few years, plus the later Ms.Marvel stuff. Her humour, huge heart and doubts about herself make her as a character. Her willingness to throw herself into battle for what's right make her a superhero.
When r we gonna get more captain marvel content
<CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER REVIEW>   return to talk  casting, new  director, the  being cryptic and we discuss the  trailer that landed this week!     
That was an extremely circuitous way of me saying, "just wait and see".   CAPTAIN MARVEL feels solid, and safe, and will likely be SAFER than any previous Marvel film. That's the way the wind is blowing.  But I'll be there opening weekend regardless to see for myself.  (5/5)
I went to see #Venom today and I really liked it! And I got to see the #CaptainMarvel trailer!
 This is a great idea for a lane name Mayor   - but let's see the MCC commission some talented street artists to colour this lane up with some real Warrior Women!    
I’m buying more art supplies for my captain marvel drawing which means I NEED to finish it
Avengers, Iron Man, Cap, Hulk, Thor, Fantastic Four, X-Men, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, Doctor Strange, Spidey PS4 sequel, Daredevil, The Punisher, Iron Fist, Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Sentry, Ghost Rider, ETC 
Take that Captain Marvel! 
Can’t wait for Captain Marvel.. Avengers 4.. & Spider-Man lol
Captain Marvel is gonna be a fun movie.  The only known hero at that point in the timeline is gonna be Captain America, so this is really gonna stand out.
 joins the fight  and Tony has a new toy in my newest teaser trailer for   ->  
Carol at the very end of the Captain Marvel trailer 
the grinch is fucking captain Marvel here 
Food for thought   Because of that awful Avengers 200, Carol's earned herself one of the best Hero's Journeys in comics.  As a bonus, without that issue, Avengers Annual 10 would not have had Carol's story & Rogue likely would never have been created.  
Marvel Studios President Kevin Fiege has released a statement following Stan Lee’s death stating that he did not film his cameo for the upcoming film “Captain Marvel” or any other MCU titles. This concludes that anti-hero vore flick “Venom” is where Stan Lee makes his last cameo. 
so many modern interpretations of Dial H For Hero are so grim; they treat the Hero Dial like a monkey’s paw.   I love that this one looks like pure wish fulfilment, like classic Captain Marvel. 
We are thrilled to honor Hair Dept.Lead  on December 15th at our .       @ Taix French Restaurant https://www.instagram.com/p/Bp50qH6g65-/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=5c46d1r4ncft …
When comic book art and movie magic meet.. By   
Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel Revealed: The post-credits scene of Avengers: Infinity War saw… http://dlvr.it/QrSNSz
Captain Marvel's Infinity War connections run deeper than you think   
It's OK  Captain Marvel is here to save us all  
I may have figured out what exact year in the 90’s #CaptainMarvel is set in. And it’s not 1992.  Writing it up now with some evidence.
Tonight at work this guy asked me why I wasn’t helping the avengers fight Thanos cus he said I looked like Captain Marvel. Thanks
My excitement for Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel bring me joy
Here are a couple of commissions from  this past weekend.    
More Captain Marvel BTS show Clark Gregg as Coulson 
Super Saturday   
So, everyone give thanks to Tony Stark, and let's all rewatch Iron Man while we wait for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.
mom: why did you cry over the captain marvel trailer there’s nothing sad about it...  me: ....you have no idea how much she means to me
But  Captain America < Captain Marvel  
Captain Marvel’s origin story gets retconned in New Life of Captain Marvel Series   
captain marvel on her way to save the avengers asses 
Oh man, I’m super sad. Got home and found out the pins I bought at the @Marvel booth at #NYCC2018 were not in the bag - I think they got left out in the rush. I’m going to talk to folks tomorrow but man, no Captain Marvel pin for me I think.
oHhHhHhhhhHhhh captain marvel please kick me in the nose
CAPTAIN MARVEL, STAN GETZ...de esos discos que te dejan queriendo más!   
 gives a great breakdown of ’  and the brilliance of !!    
It doesn’t matter whether the job is intergalactic warfare or domestic care and emotional repair; this week in the Trailer Park proves that a woman’s place is in the the air, flying to save someone.    
THIS COMBINES MY 2 GREATEST INTERESTS.  &  
A massive #ThankYou and #Goodluck to @mstohl and what she does next. Your arcs involving #CaptainMarvel and #LifeofCaptainMarvel are worthy reads. I wish you can stay on the series longer but I have high hopes with @79SemiFinalist taking the baton. You both are #HerO s to me
 will be in both  and  
Another leaked Captain Marvel photo?
Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction
Maybe Captain Marvel! I can go as Scarlet Witch! Haha
"Captain Marvel"  March 9th can't come quickly enough.  I wish time travel was a thing.   
Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019   via 
So I've been saying for a while that the MCU needs to be less funny and more serious, like how Iron Man was, perfect balance. What if Captain Marvel is the "Man of Steel" of the MCU and it 100% serious? Trailer suggests such.
'Avengers 4' Fan Theory Imagines Tragic Fate for Captain Marvel  via 
  by me  I beginning this when the trailer came out!! I love  and I don't see the time to see her in action!!       Studios UK
So should I *try* to make Captain Marvel's helmet for my cosplay??  (searches for a 3D printer) 
Female Youtubers reacting to our first  trailer. It’s really powerful!  - PART FIVE 
today one of my lab partners saw my captain marvel lockscreen and he was like OHHH CAPTAIN MARVEL and i was like I KNOW and i suddenly really like him
Please ignore me crying over the  top wiper playing on a bunch of screens in target. 
SEX & THE CITY, but with Captain Marvel, Jessica Jones, Spider Woman, and Hellcat.
- CAPTAIN MARVEL #2 - CAPTAIN MARVEL: BRAVER & MIGHTIER #1 - AVENGERS #14 - AVENGERS #15 - MARVEL’S AVENGERS: UNTITLED PRELUDE #3 de 3 
I worked on the movie and can confirm your suspicions- Captain Marvel dies in the first 5 mins and it’s really just a Nick Fury solo film
Can we skip the Captain Marvel movie and just get right to the Avengers?
YOURE SO FUCJING BEAUTIFUL I STAN A TALENTED QUEEN
She puts the HER in HERO. We put the new 'Captain Marvel' trailer under the microscope and break it down for you https://buff.ly/2pgi9g2
i wanna ask my crush out to watch captain marvel, spiderman, and a4 next year but he might reject me kaksjdjjfjf
Lock screen is a picture of Marvel Superheroes mourning the death of the original Captain Marvel (from Death of Captain Marvel) and my real background is a wallpaper supporting San Junipero from Black Mirror. Comics and knowing heaven is a place on earth is important to me lol
Captain grumpy... . . . .      https://www.instagram.com/p/BqXIwZSB3jl/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1nguff44ku41k …
I want to get a fringe/bangs cut in this weekend (woo, hairstyle change!) but when I get round to properly cosplaying Captain Marvel I won’t have accurate hair anymore.  #cosplayproblems
"I wonder if Captain Marvel would be up for a coffe run and light workout with me and Tippy.. i should drop her a line."
Thanos when captain marvel hurts him after he snapped half the universe out of existence 
the  trailer just reached 1m upvotes on . correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m pretty sure the only other MCU film to achieve that with a single trailer was   
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/vz-9FxlIb3w?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer REACTION + THOUGHTS!!!
1.Superman 2.Spiderman (Peter Parker) 3.Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 4.The Flash (Wally West) 5.Martian Manhunter 6. Green Lantern (Alan Scott) 7.The Flash (Jay Garrick) 8.The Spectre(Jim Corrigan) 9. Blue Beetle (Ted Kord) 10. maybe Booster Gold
#CaptainMarvel #Avengers4 #Spiderman #DarkPhoenix #NewMutants #Shazam #Jocker
. as  - keeping a watchful eye and protecting us from evil! 
“captain marvel and the valkyries” already fighting for my rights. 
#Walgreens #MiniMates exclusives from waves 6 and 7. Medusa, Captain Marvel, Black Bolt, Baron Zemo, Red Hulk, Captain America's Hulkbuster https://flic.kr/p/NfZZcX
I'm just glad Stan lee didn't have to live to see marvel hijacked entirely by SJW horseshit like the new captain marvel POS
brazil really is doomed but hey... captain marvel in 127 days 
Cap’s shield oil paint on wall ,           s  Forum photo  Support Studios 
My  picks o’ the week (1 of 2): Edge of Spider-Geddon #3 (  ), Life of Captain Marvel #3 (   ), Immortal Hulk #6 (  ) & Thor #5 ( )!
1) The Flash (Barry Allen) 2) Green Lantern (Hal Jordan) 3) Batman 4) Nightwing 5) Jonn Jonnz 6) Wonder Woman 7) The Flash (Wally West) 8) Superman 9) Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 10) Green Lantern (Gardner)
Captain Marvel  by    Photo by       
Alternate ‘Captain Marvel’ Pager Design From ‘Infinity War’ Revealed  
I hope so too. But ... Çaptain Marvel is first :/
thought i might post some of my art here!!my latest piece just so happened to be of   
Good morning to everyone except a certain twitter user who was BIG MAD, Captain Marvel had less dialogue than Nick Fury in the recent trailer release. You do realize a) you sound silly and b) he was the narrator? Right? 
 trailer in a nutshell.  Trailer
Alternate Names for Billy Batsons Super Hero Identity besides Captain Marvel or Shazam:  -Captain Thunder -Captain Olympus (thanks to @Bosco685 and @TalkingHawkeye for that) -Red Marvel
Which Captain Marvel we talking here?
NEW VIDEO UP:    'Iron Man & Captain Marvel with the Power to Stop Thanos in Avengers 4?'  As always thanks for your patience! I really dig the intro on this one, its short but sweet, hope you likes!    
Just as Wonderful Woman was last year, Captain Marvel is the first female superhero until the next first female superhero.  
This is a beautiful piece by Felipe de Lima .  Casual  () and  () 
Hey look at these Marvelous pants! Teehee. But yup! My Captain Marvel pants are done until further photos come in from the film ⁦⁩   
"Alright what have we got here..."  Another Skrulltacular Gem by Gr8 M8 Ellis Tom  
 and her best friend Spider-Woman from “Captain Marvel” #1 preview image! Art by  
A smiling Captain Marvel. retweet for good luck. 
Sony own X-Men rights. Wolverine is DC. Punisher kills for no reason. Marvel stole the rights to the name Captain Marvel from DC.
petition for marvel to use god is a woman by ariana grande in captain marvel all in favour RT
Top 10 Easter Eggs You Missed In The Captain Marvel Trailer https://youtu.be/O4GR2NV7Isk  via @YouTube
SUB-MARINER #30 SILVER AGE GRADED 9.8 CGC COMIC BOOK CAPTAIN MARVEL: $51.00 (5 Bids) End Date: Saturday Nov-24-2018 18:00:07 PST Bid now | Add to watch list  
Preach.   5 REASONS WHY CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FAIL https://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54  via @YouTube
Master Comics #23 - Captain Marvel Jr. 11x14 Poster Print – Available Now to Order:   via 
"My name is Captain Marvel... I am an Earthling and an Avenger."   First picture of our Captain Marvel shoot for  ! Photos, makeup and edit by   Wig made and costume worn by   Cosplay sponsored by  !    
The Week in Movie News: Bill & Ted’s Ex https://ift.tt/2NbIAwX   The Week in Movie News: Bill & Ted’s Excellent Update, ‘Captain Marvel’ Adds More Prestige Talent and More – Need a quick recap on the past week in movie news? Here are the highlights:   BIG NEWS Bill & Ted Face t…
Shazam!'s Zachary Levi Explains What Makes the DC Hero Relevant Today via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2qVt0Nt
Calling it now: Captain Marvel scene- she gets the pager message from Fury only to watch her body start to turn to dust. Then somehow, she overcomes it by using her powers....(cheers...fade to black) Bring on Avengers 4.   
UPDATE! TWENTY FOUR hours after its debut, the FIRST  trailer has amassed 20 MILLION VIEWS!  THATS WHAT WE CALL 
Women are directing 6 upcoming superhero movies for Marvel and DC:   Anna Boden ("Captain Marvel")  Ava DuVernay ("The New Gods")  Patty Jenkins ("Wonder Woman 1984")  Cathy Yan ("Birds of Prey")  Chloe Zhao ("The Eternals")  Cate Shortland ("Black Widow") 
ZERO TRAILER IS THE FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  It has now crossed 73Million + views only on YOUTUBE  ZERO: 18Hrs  Infinity War: 21hrs  Thugs of Hindostan: 3Days  Captain Marvel: 7Days  Venom: 12Days     
What do you think of  as ?  
all we want is a4 and captain marvel content 
Hulk, scarlet witch, vision, Hawkeye, Deadpool, captain marvel, captain America, star lord aka peter quill. That’s more than 5, right?
#MCU Schedule as of 11-20-2018  Captain Marvel: 107 days * Avengers 4: 163 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 226 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Final Infinity.
The legacy of the Marcus story for  
if they release the a4 trailer at 6am where i live like captain marvel, i’m gonna be crying on my way to class
 Choose one of these to pluck your head Thanos: 
Baltimore Comic Con today!! In Captain Marvel. I'll be with  at the  booth~
||: GUYS, GUYS, GUYS. My eyes have been blessed and my bank account has been insulted.  BUT I JUST HAD TOO. YA GIRL IS OFFICIALLY CAPTAIN MARVEL. 
. Who do you think JUDE LAW is playing in the  movie? (POLL Below )   Mar-Vell  OR   Yon-Rogg  Graphic via:   (Be sure to follow them)  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50?a  MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel )
hope your grandma shops at target :)   
I’m gonna be there on opening day for both captain marvel and Dark Phoenix.
We wish DC would reprint Don Newton's Captain Marvel/Shazam stories.     
"Lots of rumours about Moon Knight. .... [3] Mar- Vell The first Captain Marvel was created by Stan Lee and Gene ...... noted that originally the character was intended to look like Pam Grier.
NEW EPISODEThis week: , , &  trailers,  first look, &  closes! Plus another ! Ep is here or wherever you get   :      
Tan tana tan tan tan tada  Simply Marvelous, She Should have been  
10. Are you excited for Captain Marvel? Why? 
Kira-kira Stan Lee bakal jadi cameo juga ga ya di Captain Marvel, sekuel Infinity War, sama Spider-Man: Far from Home?
We all know this player at our tables.  Every player at my  table would take this chance.    5e  
HELLA excited for captain marvel
All that talk about  not smiling “enough” on the  trailer... I actually went back and counted how many times the lead smiled on their debut. Here’s the tally: IM (2); CA (1); T(1); H (1). ‘Nuff said? Can we move on? 
 is changing up the MCU. https://amctheatres.com/amc-scene/captian-marvel-is-changing-the-mcu?utm_medium=socialmediapost&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=sceneblog&utm_content=marketing&utm_term=na&utm_launch=2018-09-25&utm_uid=captainmarvelblog …
Am I still bitter that...  - After DC promised to bring their characters back to their core and their best version for Rebirth  - After waiting 19 years for them to do a Captain Marvel ongoing series  ... that they’re giving us New 52 Shazam instead?  Yes.  Yes, I am. 
I can’t wait to see why captain marvel punched that old lady on the bus
Now that you have seen the trailer, check out   design for Captain Marvel's costume! 
I’ma have Captain Marvel Punch your face on a bus. 
Rt or like if ur excited to see captain marvel fight alongside the avengers 
Inktober day 26 - Captain Marvel!    
Jude Law won't say if he's playing Mar-Vell in   
Look we all know she has an aged since ER. They should’ve put her and Captain Marvel for that reason alone. It would’ve been very cheap
The difference of how seriously @thenbhdsarah @_addiecollins_ and I took the Captain Marvel trailer and the Aquaman trailer is my favorite thing
My favorite part of the captain marvel trailer is when she inexplicably punches an elderly woman on the train
Spider-Man Iron Man Captain America Thor Doctor Strange Gamora Captain Marvel 
JUST LOOK AT HOW POWERFUL AND UNBEATABLE CAPTAIN MARVEL AND WONDER WOMAN WOULD BE IF THEY TEAMED UP TOGETHER ????? UGH WE LOVE POWERFUL WOMEN 
MAN, IAM THE PROUDEST FAN EVER. UBER PROUD of you !THANK U for your immersion and devotion.  And you rocked that design  - so comic accurate, it really stands out!  
@ColliderVideo @markellislive do you think captain marvel will get the infinity gauntlet and reverse time to bring back the heroes in avengers 4, thoughts, thanks #ColliderMovieTalk
Blockbuster wouldn't be able to put that many copies of a movie into the market without utterly flooding it under that price model, so Captain Marvel is using it to emphasize the 'retro' setting.  You know how movies set in the 20s show kids buying candy for a nickel? Same thing.
 30 second piece with  carried more weight and intrigue than the entire  trailer. Am I wrong?   
CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER B ITCH
Will Chewie be in the Captain Marvel movie? 
Captain Marvel is a great Manager, and this bio tells of her adventure. Captain Marvel  usually behaves like a watchman observing everyone, then she assigns targets, and later on she goes  to play  water polo
Captain Marvel Was Always Nick Fury's Avengers Plan B | CBR 
People complaining about  not smiling in the  trailer is the dumbest shit I’ve heard... Have these people never heard of “tone” or complained when other MCU characters never smiled?
Here’s your next fix from  titled: "Fifty Shades of Venom" Be breathtaking and listen.   
Captain marvel 
RUMOR ALERT! OMG SAVE MONEY CORPS!  potential list of upcoming Pops, Vynil and Keychains!!  
goodnight to captain america and captain marvel only
Must’ve been a really really realllyyyy bad day for haters   
Dark Phoenix Captain Marvel The Lion King Wonder Woman 1984  All in 2019. And 3 of them are being scored by Hans Zimmer. I won’t survive the year. 
CAPTAIN MARVEL FUNKO POPs Potentially Revealed - 
My written comic book reviews for Life of  #4,  #14, Hack/Slash Resurrection #12, Strangers in Paradise XXV, and Exorcisers #1         
Thank you for the "Ronan Funko" 411, LoveLee Mar . We are "Ronan" Ready ! Bring it on . This is Captain Marvelous. And, while you're at it Funko, please make us all Hobbit Happy...Bring on Royal Thranduil.    
5 things I will never be convinced otherwise:  1. His name is Captain Marvel 2. Cyclops is a terrorist 3. Carol Danvers is human garbage 4. Stephanie Brown is not a legit Robin 5. BvS is a travesty of a movie.  No one is required to agree with me.
What if captain marvel turned to dust after thanos’ snap ???
I don't understand this smile shit going around for Captain Marvel. She's not Superman. No one ever said anything about others not smiling, so why Carol? Wonder Woman barely ever smiled in any of the promo, so...  It's almost like there's nothing else to cling onto
apparently captain marvel supposed to be able to solo Thanos? is this even true lmao sounds false
A few days since I'm back from NYCC and just wanted to thank everyone for the support, being a Marvel exclusive artist and getting to draw Captain Marvel #1 is unbelievable. THANK YOU! 
Color all done! Wanna see an animated series with these ladies... cmon  !...           
Frankfurt Book Fair was a lot of fun  For some reason I now have a mighty need to Cosplay more from Marvel but I can't decide what   I'm seriously considering trying Yondu and/or Squirrel Girl next year  or maybe Captain Marvel?
The Likes Of  And  Represent The Next Stage In The Evolution Of The Comic Book Superhero Movie...  via  by 
Stan Lee had already shot his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos 
i have a feeling miss grande will appear in another disney soundtrack i think it might be for the aladdin movie or even the captain marvel movie
New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review  & talk the latest from    iTunes:
So.  You're thinking it might not be a big deal of you don't vote and disappoint Captain Marvel.  You're wrong. And not only will you be wrong, but you'll be wrong AND Captain America will be disappointed in you too. 
My favorites are Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Captain Marvel and Black Widow 
And I kind of want her to take over the Fury role of a new Avengers led by Captain Marvel, with Valkyrie, Hope, Misty Knight, Colleen Wing, and Bucky (as the token fella on the team).
Recent ‘Captain Marvel’ Photo May Narrow Down What Year The Film Is Set  
me sleeping at night knowing captain marvel is going to save my faves next year 
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Weird Parody Trailer Released - 
Cannot wait to read #CaptainMarvel @79SemiFinalist  I'd read a solo Carol series regardless. But super excited to see one of my favourite Authors take the lead. And bring in one of my favourite characters #SpiderWoman
I got a lot of flak for my disagreement for how they're approaching Captain Marvel, namely my criticism for the man-child take, but the truth is the movie they're being sold is essentially a Prime movie under the guise of a Captain Marvel movie (but with more of a comedic take.) 
My girls asked to pose with the  poster. I shared the picture on Twitter and tagged  in the post. She liked the photo, and I told my oldest, and she got super excited. We are all so excited to see this movie.  status unlocke…  
BRIE’S CONTRACT INCLUDES SEVEN FILMS THAT MEANS WE’RE GETTING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN SEVEN FREAKING FILMS IM SCREAMING
How in the hell can a little kids comic do a better job at making  into a hero and having a personality than 3 issues of The Life Of Captian Marvel series!?! And she learned a lesson!? Madness    @nerkish 
marvel is giving us everything we ever wanted... a loki series, a bucky and sam series, possibly sam as the next captain america, avengers 4 possibly being 3 hours long, captain marvel, miles morales and the others... we’re FEASTING !
 gets a new delightfully weird parody trailer! - 
life of captain marvel looks so good
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk?a  Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi
I’m so excited for next Halloween when Captain Marvel costumes are in stores. There’s going to be little girls and boys who want to be her and I can’t wait
Damn I LOVE this pic :::squee::: both are equally excited to be there & both are equally excited for each other!! I can’t wait to see Doctor Strange help Captain Marvel save the world!!! 
196 days until avengers 4 140 days until Captain Marvel 260 days Spider-Man far from home
. Who is this? I need more performances in my life...so damn  
Kelly Thompson is going to write Captain Marvel now? Bloody hell, she really is on a crusade to take over everything I love and make it all worse and more heterosexual.
Captain marvel : 1 week 40M views 1M likes TOH : 4 days 45M views 1M likes   #RecordSmashingTHUGSTrailer @SrBachchan @aamir_khan #KatrinaKaif @fattysanashaikh
It’s like watching a man try to step to Captain Marvel
Carved out some personal time for a much needed  poster  
Avengers 4: Nick Fury NEVER wanted to call Captain Marvel – He tried to do THIS instead - 
|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|     Captain Marvel isn’t     the most powerful DC       superhero, he Flash is.  |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|                  \ (•◡•) /                    \      /                      --- 
El origen de Captain Marvel no es el que imaginábamos  
Remained day Movie Marvel 2019  Captain Marvel: 144 day Avengers 4: 194 day Spider-Man:Far From Home:264 day
Only 5 more months until Captain Marvel! 
captain america, captain marvel, and superman were all villains in scott pilgrim
MCU stans need to go and support Aquaman.   DCEU stand need to go support Captain Marvel.   We all need to go support Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse  We should support all franchises and rejoice that we that we're living in the Age of Superhero Movies. Put aside the bullshit. 
Theme Park Bits: 'Fantastic Beasts' Wizard Wands, Meet Captain Marvel and Wreck-It Ralph, Tiki Bird Flies Solo  
Y’all realize the end of captain marvel is probably gonna be sad as fuck and that’s why she’s not in the current mcu right?
Can't decide which present was my favourite but this is among the top!  thank you so much to my amazing sister! 
We already have the gorgeous  as Captain Marvel , but Sooner or later  will have another "Marvel chick".. Yes , I'm talking about of our beloved redhead from X-Men "Marvel Girl " aka JEAN GREY     Marvel Girl    by : effieB on deviantART
I need help sabotaging Captain Marvel.... I can’t do it on my own 
The 155 Days Until  
So the other night I was at Walmart and picked up the Superman 100 Page Giant #4, and even if I hadn't got issue 3 before, this great Andy Kubert cover with Superman vs Captain Marvel would've made it an instant sell.  why isn't Andy Kubert on a monthly book? Adam too?
Yesss it’s already starting 2019 will be all about  as Captain Marvel   
Had to cut it off I was about to go off topic but    and Studios fix your shit, this comic adds nothing to the movie, if you released this with infinity or civil war it’d make more sense but this is BS  This is why you shouldn’t buy the Captain Marvel Prelude Comic 
Dark Phoenix trailer had the same feel as the Captain Marvel trailer. But MCU fans only bashing one.
@SamuelLJackson  Why is Nick Fury in Ant-Man & The Wasp, JK, I know your not Lawrence Fishburne, can't wait to see you in Captain Marvel.
From ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ to ‘Ready Player One,’ Ben Mendelsohn has become Hollywood’s go-to baddie. With new projects on the horizon, including ‘Captain Marvel,’ the Australian actor sits down with Playboy to share why he's just so good at playing bad.   
I have a feeling captain marvel is gonna suck
 new prelude!!!! Nick tried to convince Steve to talk once again with Tony while the Secret Avengers (Natasha, Steve and Sam) are doing missions. In the beginning of the comic Maria is the one helping Steve to get everyone out of the Raft with Natasha assistance 
 teaming up with  and , it be a cool scene in the .  
k thomps walking into marvel hq january 2019 to ruin carol's development in life of captain marvel 
Preview of Captain Marvel Prelude #1 
Why not just have Captain Marvel or Bucky Barnes take his place as a leader or that role within the Avengers? Would be a smooth transition imo. 
 It’s amazing how characters created in the late 1930s and ‘40s like  and  continue to inspire and motivate us into the 21st century!
We lost another legend today. I don't know how will I watch Avengers and Captain Marvel without the feeling of brokeness knowing there will be no more Legend on the next X-men movie. 
#MCU Schedule as of 10-22-2018  Captain Marvel: 136 days * Avengers 4: 192 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 255 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Luke Cage And Iron Fist Join The Team (Maybe?).
Know why  is the  prequel AND the  sequel? Hear this podcast: 
lolololol!!!! this is too too good         
[BREAKING] To celebrate the release of her new movie, Captain Marvel will be landing at Disneyland Paris for the first time ever as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes from March 23 to June 16, 2019! 
I wasn’t sure when I did this previous tweet. You are right, but we are still going to be heartbroken when we will see Stan cameo in A4 and Captain Marvel
How 'Captain Marvel' is breaking new ground for Marvel https://cstu.io/d28b64
Check out this stunning  concept art: 
Episode 98 - I'm a Cop You Idiot!! Plus trailer reviews!    
Captain Marvel and......Franklin Richards???? @MarvelStudios @Marvel
Black Widow, Captain Marvel, Scarlet Witch, Wasp, Rescue, Valkyrie, Shuri, Okoye, Gamora, Nebula, and Mantis all in Avengers 4  I don’t deserve
my gay ass identifying the captain marvel preview two seconds in
New : Knox and I argue about Maroon 5, the Royal Family, witchcraft, sexy costumes, Captain Marvel, Space Jam 2, and more. 
How the original Captain Marvel deals with bullies:  He talks to them.  And even helps a bully's father (who himself was also a bully) get a job. 
If you had to pick your top five Avengers against Thanos, who would they be? IronMan, Thor, Doctor Strange, Hulk and Captain America.... or maybe  man.... no wait nvm Captain Marvel  sorry y’all lol
“Helping you fit into this place? Making you feel human? That was my fight.” THE LIFE OF  #4 OUT NOW! 
I don’t wanna die before 2020; March: Captain Marvel April: Game of Thrones Last Season, Hellboy May: Avengers 4, Detective Pikachu June: X-Men - Dark Phoenix July: Spider-Man: Far From Home September : Stranger Things Season 3  October: Joker December: Star Wars: Episode IX  
So I think  thought it was crazy when I said  pinpointed the exact date of  by the trailer references. But he did.   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6IIOM8Sue2E …https://twitter.com/manabyte/status/1060877681485475840 …
Captain Marvel Set To Make Debut At Disney California Adventure Park  
Marvel Comics Reboots Captain Marvel in Brand New #1 
“WE CAN’T DO THIS ALONE. WE NEED YOU.”   
Design, pattern, cut, sew, happy.   
I wonder if Captain Marvel being announced was in response to WW being announced a few weeks prior,  Probably not,   but should be interesting to see if Adam Warlock could easily slot in her place when she arrives in Avengers 4 
Captain Marvel is Based on Kelly Sue DeConnick's Comics Run https://buff.ly/2POD09l  (via @CBR)
Just imagine this scene in  will give Total Goosebumps for sure with     and       Get Ready to Face The   
So y’all just go forget about Captain Marvel & Avengers 4  smh 
@ all the ppl in reddit saying they hope may would appear with coulson in captain marvel: i see you and i feel you
I think I’m going to model the Captain Marvel sweater later. Maybe.
Captain Marvel goodness with death bird! . . .        s    … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqGY2p-huh0/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12r6glp3odf1o …
Saturday on Norwegian  from preparation for  Here is a teaser. 
.  makes a wild claim about Captain Marvel, but it doesn't make any sense based on the actual evidence!    Studios Comics
Good news!  
Episode 54! We talk NFL, , public masturbation, Henry Cavill out as , new look at ,  in Space Jam, weed on  beaches, surviving zombie outbreak and more!  This week's featured podcast is    
Me too. I also have The LEGO Movie 2, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Spider Man: Far From Home, Toy Story 4 and Detective Pikachu.
maybe this is where captain marvel is
They’re done   
'Captain Marvel' LEGO Figure Reveals First Look Skrull Leader - Heroic Hollywood (blog) https://ino.to/OZX-O53
why when the captain marvel trailer dropped y’all suddenly degrading men?? you say it’s feminism but that’s,, not what feminism is.. feminism means u fight for equal rights for men & women,, sis 
i really tried it!  
My redesign of my favourite Avenger - Monica Rambeau AKA the FIRST female Captain Marvel.  
CAPTAIN MARVEL Weird Trailer  
me hiding in the bathrooms at marvel studios after someone yells "WHO DELETED ALL THE CAPTAIN MARVEL FOOTAGE?" 
So she's just like Star-Lord now? Is "one of my parents was an alien" the new "radiation gave me powers" now? Marvel Changes Captain Marvel's Origin Story Ahead of Movie  via 
Can’t wait for   
Life of Captain Marvel is in the running for best retcon in the past decade it made Carol’s powers her own and independent of any man or string of (un)fortune events
Movies to watch out for in 2019:   X-Men: Dark Phoenix  Aladdin Jumanji 2 Hellboy  Captain Marvel  Untitled ‘Avengers’ movie  Spider Man: Far from Home  The Lion King  Rambo  Toy story 4 Hobbs and Shaw  Godzilla: King of Monsters  Shazam  Starwars: Episode IX  The Lego Movie 2
The  goodies continue in this high-res concept art  
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' To Be Based On KELLY SUE DECONNICK’S COMIC Run Says Kevin Feige  
That's nice of them, but they've got nothing in my size, that I want. Wish they'd bring back the Captain Marvel shirt and add some more female stand-alone character shirts. 
Captain Marvel's origin story just got another new twist  
Only going to see captain marvel for young fury and Coulson? It's more like than you think. 
By the time WONDER WOMAN 1984 would have been released in November 2019, CAPTAIN MARVEL would have been out on Blu Ray for a couple of months.   How would anyone think the two movies were ever going head-to-head? 
Happy bday to  taking on the mantel as the beloved  for  everywhere  fan love from  
Beginning a Doctor Who/MCU gc, RT if you want to join. Must stan: •Marvel •Doctor Who •GOTG and cast except D*ve •Black Panther •AMATW •Captain Marvel  •Avengers  •Pretty much anything else in the MCU or Whoniverse
Higher. Further. Faster.  
Watch when I see Stan Lee’s cameos in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 I am going to cry like a bitch
"You know, you should really smile more. You have such a pretty-"  
IT ALL COMES DONE TO THIS!!!!  concludes with the  between 's  and 's . WHO WILL BE THE  CHAMPION‽  and why?  the powersets in the thread!
Avengers Infinity War: End credits scene with Captain Marvel 'call' was nearly DIFFERENT 
Hey @CedricAlexander was your gear from #205Live tonight inspired by Captain Marvel or Sailor Moon?  I can’t figure out which one...
captain marvel #16 [2013] 
I don’t think a shared universe really works in DC’s case. The Justice Society, for example, stands out more on Earth-2, plus it doesn’t mess up characters like Helena Wayne Huntress and Power Girl. Captain Marvel also works better on Earth-S, Freedom Fighters on Earth-X, etc. 
Disney movies for 2019 March: Captain Marvel March: Dumbo April: Penguins April: Avengers 4 May: Aladdin June: Toy Story 4 July: The Lion King August: Artemis Fowl November: Frozen 2 December: Star Wars 9 PLEASE RT SO PEOPLE STOP ASKING ME
Where's Captain Marvel?
5 favorite super heroes (no particular order) 1. Loki 2. Deadpool 3. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 4. Nightcrawler 5. Wonder Woman
RT THIS IF U STAN CAPTAIN MARVEL - CAROL DANVERS / BRIE LARSON AND I’LL FOLLOW YOU, I NEED MORE MUTUALS OF HER
Captain Marvel, Avengers , Xmen ,  The lion King, Hellboy
Stan Lee to make final appearance onscreen in Captain Marvel, Avengers 4     More Details: 
While not comic book adaptations, it's interesting that all the CAPTAIN MARVEL "we never get female heroes" talk omits YA novel adaptations ... billions in revenue from TWILIGHT, THE HUNGER GAMES, DIVERGENT, etc. Plenty of female heroes (super or otherwise) to go around.  
Captain Marvel
Scarlett Johansson(black widow) fits the role of captain marvel more...my opinion thou....
Just saw #venom at the theaters. I liked the movie, it had a 90s vibe to it. But before the movie one of the trailers was the #CaptainMarvel teaser trailer. Gave me the chills to see her on the big screen. I'm so freaking excited!
The latter looks like Captain Marvel 
Sooo another year older and less wiser but I have one awesome bag..... one of 3 amazing bags I've had!        
Let's go ahead and reject the inevitable media narrative that only Wonder Woman OR Captain Marvel can rock. https://tmblr.co/Zw2K3y2dhwX6G
The years-long pre-gaming to make CAPTAIN MARVEL the flashpoint for alt-right sadboys to "take down" the MCU is baffling and idiotic.
With only 39M views, the trailer of #captainmarvel has reached the jaw-dropping 1M likes on YouTube, only the fourth trailer ever to attain so and second from a MCU film
Mohawk action  
u right i’m still mad about captain marvel having to specifically be young
GUYS! like this tweet if you're planning on staying up to read the life of captain marvel when it comes out tonight  
:  edition goes live in 10 minutes! This week's topics:   retcon   reboot  Scariest games of all time & more!  Join us:  
the best part of Crimes of Grindelwald was that I got to see the trailer for Captain Marvel in a cinema
WE WILL ALL BE SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL  
All I want for the #Avengers4 teaser trailer is the logo popping up, revealing the name, and a 360 shot mirroring The Avengers with our current heroes post-snap plus Captain Marvel. That’s all I need. #nerddreams
I made my debut on ! So happy to be talking about the  trailer, MCU characters getting their own TV series on the streaming service, and more. Thanks  and  for having me on the show today.
its what she deserves
Captain Marvel no be one punch man.
kinda want hayley to dress up as captain marvel or sumn
"Just say the magic word and a new Shazam! series appears!"  Oh, DC... just WHAT do you think long-time Captain Marvel fans have been trying to do FOR 19 years!?  And when you finally listen to us, you give most of us long-timers what we DON'T want, which is more New 52 Shazam. 
captain marvel, avengers 4, spiderman
i cant breathe between the whole captain marvel TRAILER being released and all of this far from ho,e content it’s TOO MUCH TO HANDLE IM NOT STROMG ENOUGHR
We will be the stars we were always meant to be.    
In Flash #107, Captain Marvel tells Flash (Wally West) that he knows a trick that would allow them to see in total darkness; Flash just has to be fast enough to find the bad guy for a split second.  Where might Captain Marvel have learned this trick, hm?  Marvel Family #7. 
More SJE Nonsense as SJE "Double down" & attack Captain Marvel Trailer LOL!  These nut job's are a joke  Link https://youtu.be/bOrYzia2oOo
/ can someone tell me about Captain Marvel?? Cuz I want to know her backstory-
Marvel has stolen Supergirl's cat and put their version of Streaky in their big Captain Marvel movie and everyone LOVES it.  There's a lesson in that for DC Comics and Warner Bros. about embracing their strengths that I'm sure they will ignore.
oh my gosh imagine the amount of little girls who are gonna be captain marvel for halloween next year
Bus Stop Costumes are back! Repping  today with this fab  jacket! 
when people say captain marvel sucks when the movie isn’t even released yet: 
Captain Marvel's kryptonite is being asked out? We...we need stronger female role models for little girls to look up to...
JESSICAAAA!! I can't wait to read this!   #2 cover by  and . 
What did I tell you?! Marvel Man has changed his name to Quasar! Yes, Marvel Man was a dumb name in the first place (plus we already have Captain Marvel and Ms. Marvel), but I’m not sure they needed to explain why he changed it.  
My top 3 list for movies I want to see:  1: The Sponge Bob Movie 2: Avengers 4 3: Captain Marvel
Pourquoi Nick Fury n'a pas appelé Captain Marvel plus tôt ? https://www.rtl.fr/culture/super/avengers-infinity-war-pourquoi-nick-fury-n-a-pas-appele-captain-marvel-plus-tot-7795584538 …
I am waiting for captain marvel...Thanx stan lee the legendary... No one can replace you ....
Good-bye to Captain Marvel!  
captain marvel Pleasse top me
2019 Final de GoT Final de TBBT Stranger Things Season 3 Avengers 4 Spiderman Homecoming 2 It 2 Captain Marvel Wonder Woman 2 El Rey León Toy Story 4 
Don’t worry folks ...!!!!  Thanos did this ...  I AM SURE CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL SAVE EVERYONE....         Studios
Looks like FYE will be getting an exclusive Captain Marvel Pop! 
I think I’m more excited for post #Avengers4 MCU than the movie itself. A new Avengers team led by Captain Marvel, with Black Panther, Ant-Man, Wasp, Wanda, Doctor Strange, and Spider-Man (if they can keep their deal with Sony)
HOLY MARVEL!  Be very very welcome, !!!  OMG! I'm freaking out!!!!     https://www.instagram.com/p/Bp-S-BJlXCy/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=8oavfi2el77y …
...... and now a PSA from Jackson Bostwick (Captain Marvel from the 1974 ‘Shazam’ television series) from Fort Myers      
CAPTAIN MARVEL #2 KELLY THOMPSON (W) • CARMEN CARNERO (A) Cover by Amanda Conner & Paul Mounts  The solicitation text. I mean the story...hmm. To paraphrase somebody - Subtle AF  
 OFICIALLY broke the internet with 109 MILLION GLOBAL VIEWS IN 24 HOURS like... 
Captain Marvel  Done by: 
articles about how captain marvel will fail as if... name one marvel movie that has financially failed
CAPTAIN MARVEL   in honour of the trailer  
I was excited to see my favorite hero on-screen, but now i know the  movie will be bad 
#MCU Schedule as of 10-17-2018  Captain Marvel: 141 days * Avengers 4: 197 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 260 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Never Say Never Again.
Damn....  you really don't need any CGI to look young   
why does it say captain marvel under jude law? 
Official: Captain Marvel is Set in 1995 
Are Captain Marvel Reshoots happening? 
hey Sykes while you were out at sea, THE CAPTAIN MARVEL MOVIE TRAILER CAME OUT JUST TO LET YOU KNOW
Nope its captain marvel
The  trailer shows a woman getting knocked down, repeatedly, only to get back up each and every single time. In the end, unleashing her inner power.  If that’s mediocre, then I guess I don't know what real power is. 
LATE: Life Of Captain Marvel Slips a Month, Infinity Wars Extends Into 2019 
Captain Marvel Could Be Set in 1991 
I Love  
THEY CAME!! I have Captain Marvel shoes now  they’re sold out in the US but not HERE of all places... 
Just rented Ant-Man and the Wasp and watched it for the first time. I thought it was a decent enough film.  Now give me Captain Marvel and give her to me hard.
How ‘Captain Marvel’ Co-Writer Nicole Perlman Bucked the Hollywood System to Make Her Directorial Debut   via    
Another problem is that Iron Man took four years and two and 2/3rds of a movie to grow into the leadership role, so he earned it and we saw that he was ready.  Captain Marvel is just being handed the role some time in the middle of her second movie. it's not the same thing.
Capa variante de Life of Captain Marvel #5, por Joe Quinones. 
Me watching the Stan Lee cameos in Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel 
Lucky EPISODE 7 of  led by  is here! This week we are talking  trailer, Joaquin Phoenix’s  the 90s horror gem  and ALOT more! Come check it out! Like/Subscribe     
How Disney Are Using Synergy To Promote Captain Marvel   
Found a Captain Marvel ship in Victoria Harbour while in Hong Kong 
84.. the same amount of years captain marvel has been a better heroine than you.. stupid bitch.. if you dont get your ass out of here.. 
A new study reveals young female fans feel more confident when they see onscreen heroes who look like them. Bring on more Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and female Time Lords! https://cnet.co/2yrM21k
Almost done with new , video should post in the next 30min!  
Selain Captain Marvel, Apakah Ada Superhero Baru di Avengers 4? #SerbaSerbihttp://bobo.grid.id/read/08963549/selain-captain-marvel-apakah-ada-superhero-baru-di-avengers-4 …
captain marvel to captain america in avengers 4 
I still believe this.  I strongly believe the Mind Stone will play a significant role in Captain Marvel. 
Part EIGHT!!  Halloween 
I mentioned I was sorry to see  leave X-Men: Red, but couldn’t be happier about her next gig.  Well, here it is!  Carmen’s joining with the awesome  and  for a new  series! ’s next gig 
Lots of back and forth between folks trying to out scoop each other I guess.  Jeremy has been right on with the ,  trailer, and I’m guessing the  title too. Keep on keepin’ on ! 
Captain Marvel, GoT, Avengers 4 in a 3 month span. 
captain marvel, avengers 4, and then far from home,, 2019 owns me already I can’t wait to cry
I think you need to be in the movie! Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel Junior. Mary Marvel. Socko Marvel?
MY GOD! Mother and daughter!  and her mother, Captain Mari-ell, in “The Life of ” #4 Variant by Kaare Andrews OUT NEXT WEEK!!   YOU CANT MISS THIS ISSUE CORPS! 
Various  photos of my  build. I’m so very proud of this creation so far! I can’t want to wear it to a lot of cons in 2019.    Using  and  super structure foam in my builds!  
It’s an honor being in the company of these great men.   alan.silvestri_music ・・・ MCU 10 Year Anniversary      https://www.instagram.com/p/BphZg2jABQ9/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=172eybd3i508r …
It's the #SemiFinals of #ComicChaos2! Who will move on to claim the #ComicChaos Championship‽ It's #Marvel's #CaptainMarvel vs #IDW'S #Donatello #WhoWouldWin and why? Check the thread for character #powersets! #SHPOLL18
if you r e a l l y think marvel is gonna make it so captain marvel shows up and instantly kill thanos, you’re an idiot. i said what i said, you’re an idiot.
Was these an issue date for this? From what I saw, "Captain Marvel's" first appearance in Whiz Comics #2, cover-dated February 1940, was December 1939.
At least she would have a helmet on the entire time. It would be an improvement over Captain Marvel right there. 
That captain marvel person would be really good help in the revolution...
We’ll get there, folks. Keep writing. Always keep writing. Just like . Keep getting back up! 
Small brain: Captain Marvel punching an "old lady" is too shocking  Large brain: Punching an "old lady" is meant to be shocking  Galaxy brain: It's misogynistic to have a female comics hero doing something a male comics hero has never  Actual brain: Hellboy did it, u fools 
Ahoy Marvel fans! Top 11 HD Captain Marvel Wallpapers that you must get today -  
I don't usually retweet non-Disney tweets but COME ON. Great Captain Marvel! 
Batman  Captain Marvel  The Fantastic Four The Flash (Barry Allen FROM THE COMICS) Grayson as both Robin and Nightwing The New X-Men (Dave Cockrum) Havok The Legion of Superheroes  The Vision The Invaders
White Women: Samuel L. Jackson has too many lines in the Captain Marvel trailer!!!  COME ON, MARVEL!!   Samuel L. Jackson: 
Gotta share the  love. Enjoy!      Also, read comics.
One more down in our  to ! This week, it’s the 1st  movie! Which was, fine. Now I kinda wish we hadn’t started with . It was the 1st MCU movie that really fired me up. ANYway, just 15 more movies/weeks to go!!
I heavily doubt that. This appeals to a large audience internationally sure, but infinity war appeals to the same audience + everyone else. And, its already been hyped by the first one, and captain marvel (soon) whereas detective pika has no background. 
Captain Marvel scared of a TSA agent asking for her number, Thanos Gon put her through a phone booth and she'll tweet "Twitter do your thing"
Oh, I see...when Captain Marvel goes crashing through a Blockbuster, it's an "iconic moment," but when I do it, it's a "sir, we already told you that can only rent one copy of YOU'VE GOT MAIL at a time" incident.
A reminder of the kind of cool visuals Ben Davis, who is the the DP on Captain Marvel, is capable of. 
A special Captain Marvel story in the Superman & Batman Magazine from some years ago:  (Credits included on the first page.)  + 
2019 movies finna go crazy.  1. Avengers 4,  2. Spiderman far from home 3. MIB Reboot 4, Toy story 4  5. Captain Marvel  6. Spies in disguise 7. Shazam  8. Dark Phoenix 9. Lego movie 2 (first one was lit, you can smd)  10. Joker  11. Detective Pikachu 12. Alita: battle angel
me: hey guys i like the marvel cinematic universe character wanda maximoff  stan twitter:  stan twitter:  stan twitter: you ugly fucking bitch???? you racist whore i hate you you stan a nazi you racist piece of shit stan captain marvel fuck you die slut kill yourself
whatever your reason to trash the x-men trailer is, stop it. this is so fucking annoying. when people came and talked shit about the captain marvel trailer, y'all went mad. now you wanna be ugly just like them,,, hypocrites smh
When friends who know you well buy you an early birthday present <3  
I'm more of a Carol Danvers fan than a Captain Marvel fan, but we'll see how the movie turns out. #CaptainMarvel #HeresHoping
  FOREVER  
i cant belive some idiots out there are making yt vids like "will captain marvel be first marvel FLOP?" like hell it won't bc it's still marvel and ppl will go see it
hi I'm looking for marvel mutuals so rt and follow if you stan  -natasha romanoff -steve rogers -tony stark -bucky barnes -loki  -captain marvel -matt murdock  -literally the mcu / marvel
This has been a good week.  Captain Marvel, Avatar, that Russo Brothers pic, and now this.  You can rest easy, 2018.  You did well. 
Am I  yet? Soooooon.  Hat from   Now to find that nine inch nails shirt
happy birthday to our one and only captain marvel, ! thank you for speaking up and standing for what you believe in. seeing such a talented and wonderful woman like you representing all of us really warms my heart. i wish you a lifetime of happiness
All we've heard so far is that she's supposed to have a "bigger role" and that Captain Marvel and her may be teaming up in some capacity.
goodnight to captain america and captain marvel only bye
So there are just too many good movies to look forward to:  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel  Creed II Glass Bohemian Rhapsody  Dark Phoenix   Did I miss anything!?!
Who you gonna call? Ghostbuster! Sorry, I meant, Captain Marvel!!!  
Happy Sketch Saturday! This week a 9x12 Captain Marvel! Everyone else was doing it! $250. US shipping only. Payment is due within 48 hours. E-mail brettbooth at gmail dot com. 
Amazing, mate. Can’t wait for Captain Marvel
114  Thank you 
9 Signs Captain Marvel Is Definitely a Prequel to Chappie
 by Diamond Select Toys and Collectibles. 
Rather than focusing on the fact we FINALLY have a female lead marvel film and embrace what’s to come, ppl are focusing on Nick Fury having more lines than Captain Marvel in a TRAILER!  Come on, people! 
i always wanted a 5 or 6 star champ of  in  
Next week sees the release of the new Firefly comic, the return of Uncanny X-Men, the prequel to the Captain Marvel film, William Gibson's Alien 3 and the video game tie-in comics for Life Is Strange and God Of War! Not too late to pre-order! 
The  trailer has officially passed 40 million views and 1 million likes on YouTube. Good luck with this up and coming  hit, ⁦⁩. THERE IS HYPE 4 IT  ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩
i need mutuals so rt if you stan  - The weeknd - lana del rey - mcu - tove lo - thor - scarlet witch/wanda - drake - adele - lorde - doctor strange - captain marvel - miley cyrus - katy perry - zayn malik - sia - avengers
signs the Marvel Cinematic Universe will be rescued by women: 1) Captain Marvel 2) Shuri: has the soul stone data 3) Nebula: on Titan with Tony 4) Black Widow: still alive 5) Okoye: still alive 6) Valkyrie: still alive (accdg the directors) 7) this: 
Second behind @bryanrobson #captainmarvel
Mail day, best day. The hat is a midtown comics exclusive and I am really happy to finally get a Captain Marvel hat. Also the Batman foil not only looks amazing but feels great too. 
Some of today’s reading, much of which were recent convention purchases. Some Defenders, more Section Zero, Captain Marvel, and Tuskegee Heirs. 
These Marvel shills been letting that sexism and racism jump all the way out since Black Panther film / Captain marvel trailer. 
I really appreciate all the love I got today after people found out I deactivated my Captain Marvel Talk! account.  It really means a lot! 
Captain Marvel is the most powerful character in the MCU.  Would she be able to resist the effect of Thanos' snap?   
Thrilled with the reception the Captain Marvel news is getting, but I wanted to clarify that @MightyBrunstad is the sole editor of the book, she put this team together — I’m just looking over her shoulder geeking out at all the cool @79SemiFinalist scripts & @CarmenCarnero art!
I am super stoked to see #CaptainMarvel this March! #marvel #mcu
The more I see of , the more excited I get!  knows how to do space adventures very well. ,  Ragnakok... my all-time favorites! I hope we get Sam Alexander (Nova) in the mix sometime too. The Nova comics are such great fun.
I think Marvel might’ve made its first mistake in the MCU release schedule by waiting to drop CAPTAIN MARVEL before Avengers 4. They should’ve put it out before INFINITY WAR because, at least for me, the hype for A4 is overshadowing CAPTAIN MARVEL.
BOSTON RED SOX CAPTAIN AMERICA and CAPTAIN MARVEL Cosplayers Show Their Love for BATMAN  
Look twitter look! I see the light! The captain marvel light.   
The announcement of the upcoming ‘Captain Marvel’ prelude leaves us a little hopeful, but mostly confused. 
Hello, fellow kids, do you remember the '90s? Flannel? Riot grrrls? The long-awaited first trailer for the long-awaited Captain Marvel movie is finally here, and it's full—nearly too full—with Clinton-era references and sight gags. https://wired.trib.al/1KNRLTw
Why would they be in Avengers 4 wouldn’t it be in Captain Marvel..
#AvengersInfinityWar #CaptainMarvel https://vk.cc/8uJLLS
My variant  cover  
Am I the only one who realizes that this is a parody of the Captain Marvel poster?
I can’t wait to see the superhero girl in a movie / tv series alone      
hello i'm a new mcu account so it would be nice to have some mutuals :)  rt if you stan: - bucky barnes - deadpool - steve rogers - loki - shuri - dr strange  - star lord - iron man - rocket - eddie brock/venom - nebula - captain marvel  (please no th*rki or st*rker)
 do you know if there is any merit to the  trailer coming out in two weeks given that in the Captain Marvel prelude,  it teased the  prelude for an December 5 release given  's history releasing comics to coincide with trailer releases?
wAIT A FUCKIN MINUTE  IN AVENGERS 4 WILL BE CAPTAIN MARVEL AND ALSO BUCKY BARNES. THAT MEANS WE GOTTA SEE BRIE AND SEB TOGETHER AT THE SAME TIME ON SCREEN,,,
Just watched Captain Marvel preview loud and on huge screen. Needed that joy for 2 minutes
Don't just choose your heroes, emulate them.  
2019 is going to be awesome.          HYPE!
Ahhh we love this!!!   
There’s a girl in my class who’s been wearing the same shirt with captain marvel logo on it ever since the trailer came out. Not sure if I’m finding it cute or kinda gross
Yay  !!! I'm so glad it finally arrived! Happy ! (I don't know if that's a thing, but it is now!)  
He was one of those Heroes without capes!!!!... Rest on my !!.... I blame you !!!!!.... You shouldn't have snapped!!!   
A few Captain Marvel headers to celebrate the female excellence of the day!! Please RT if using/saving!! 
The Creator of Mavels super heroes  Thor….Super Man,  Green Lantern… Spiderman …Iron Man… Captain America  Captain Marvel, Ms Marvel Incredible Hulk, the Xmen, Submariner, Wonder woman, Fantastic Four, Silversurfer, BlackPanther, DareDevil, Batman aquaman   Stan Lee is dead 
Dark Phoenix fan art.                        
Idk if he manage to record a cameo for captain marvel, a4 and far from home but if he do it'll be the lasts from him
and i also saw the captain marvel trailer on the big screen for the first time so that was an experience lemme just tell you that
Continue Podcast Episode 33: THE HAIR! THE HAIR IS UNSTOPPABLE! It's a whole thing.   , , and  get into Captain Marvel and haunting fashion trends, Nintendo Online, and Spider-man. 
Di$ney 2019:  Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Aladdin remake Toy Story 4 CGI Lion King remake Star Wars Land @ DL & DHS Disney+ Frozen 2 Star Wars Episode IX
Inktober 2018 day 14 Captain Marvel. i m not happy with this one :(    ing tober2018 tober universe comics  s artist art  artist art      ist
Captain Marvel listening to thank u, next. I live for that
Yeah, no.  Captain Marvel will not have much of a chance due to the james gun firing, and dumbo isn't going to make anyone go to the movies for it. So Us and Wonder Park have a good chance of success.
Listen here!  Please like, subscribe, and retweet!     
Data suggest that young girls feel more confident when they see on-screen heroes who look like them, so bring on the Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, and more! 
Lee Pace and Karen Gillan arriving on stage for their panel at  Midwest, Oct 13, 2018. Photos by  via .            
‘Thor’ & ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy’ Stars React To ‘Captain Marvel’ Trailer  
Marvel Studios has remained remarkably tight-lipped about what constitutes its upcoming slate beyond  and : So, what does the Marvel Cinematic Universe look like going forward? 
Emma should be Captain Marvel  
I can’t stop watching the Captain Marvel Trailer. So excited to see this movie! And even more excited to see her in Avengers 4 next May! Also can’t get enough of that god awesome music!
Captain Marvel is awesome. Spider Woman is better. The two together, unmissable!
ME on twitter, pretending IDC: It's a waste being mad at superhero movies. I'm done, Marvel won't bait me again  ME existing, trying to calm down from mild anxiety: By setting Captain Marvel in the 90s they're saying Carol should be Stark's age and that's even MORE annoying
More specifically Captain Marvel's pussy! — I agree! shes a whole meal https://curiouscat.me/steponmepeggy/post/710584991?t=1542592496 …
Captain Billy's Whiz Bang allowed Fawcett to create a publishing empire, launching over 50 magazine titles including True Confessions and Mechanix Illustrated. Fawcett Comics was launched in 1940, introducing Captain Marvel and Captain Video to the world. 
Here's how our  "Sweded" trailer is coming along. I really only make secondary timelines when I need to transition from one clip to another. 
18th September has been a blessing: -  - Captain Marvel - Bert and Ernie are confirmed canon - Misha kissing butterflies - Shirtless Misha talking about his childhood - Misha spilling the tea with his Bert and Ernie tweet - Cas is bed   Coincidence??? 
Me: screams at Ford ads for years because their motto is “Drive Further.”  Me: Screams at Captain Marvel ads because the motto is “Higher Further Faster.”  : Get over it.  Me: *points* I hate people.   (Pic is a Ford car with the license plate GO 4THR)
What do you guys think of her face so far? Trying to stylize 's likeness  
Less than four months until , my next most-anticipated movie. (Coincidentally also co-stars Jude Law.) 
ONE TO GO! The Life of  issue #5 out on November 21st! 
Even #JudeLaw's kids had to swear to secrecy on the #CaptainMarvel set http://bit.ly/2QyCPw0
captain marvel and captain america  being lesbians  a concept 
captain marvel - stars please credit and rt if you decide to use!! 
PODCAST: Pop A La Carte #57 – Captain Disney   All things Disney, from Ralph Breaks The Internet to  to , are tackled in this Minnie Mouse-approved podcast. 
Hey, , can you stop trying to make Captain Marvel a thing?  Give it a rest for a couple of years.  Let people wash the bad taste out of their mouths. 
I am dead !      .
  i love my captain marvel ? 
who needs to sleep when you can draw  instead??? 
 :  and  reunite for reshoots READ: 
I'm all in for more Captain Marvel clothing 
That Captain Marvel shit is gonna be ass af
Just met a Japanese girl! She translated the official  poster!   ”Lost Past Memories Trapped Powers Gained   Is this me?   The story before the Avengers.” 
watching the captain marvel trailer daily is self care.
Page alerts all around town are going off this morning, 'cause  is on her way to Disney California Adventure Park! Don't miss your chance to meet her beginning early 2019.  
 SF/Fantasy/Horror Headlines From The Interwebs Oct 2! New Google Project Stream videogame service, how will Captain Marvel win in Avengers 4? Venom early reactions, new Hellboy art, more!        
Ok all this Captain Marvel hype is great and all but WHERE IS THE DIRECTOR FOR GOTG3  WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR OUR QUALITY CONTENT
Me when I watch  trailer  
'Captain Marvel' International Promo Trailer Released  via 
I may have gotten only a few hours of sleep and have a shit ton of stuff to do today but seeing Clark Gregg on the Captain Marvel set is like the best thing that's happened so far today. 
This is how Captain Marvel is gonna distract Thanos in the next movie 
Captain Marvel 19 Silver Age Marvel Lot on eBay:     
Teaser/Trailer Fastest 1M Likes in YT :   - 4hr45Min.  - 21hrs.  - 3Days.  - 7Days.  - 12Days.  - 23 Days.   
The Captain Marvel trailer gets blocky with LEGO   
Dude no offense but if they show it in captain marvel rather than avengers 4 I’m going to disappointed.
 you can best guarantee the day that the captain marvel poster comes out it will be right on that wall 
#MCU Schedule as of 10-11-2018  Captain Marvel: 147 days * Avengers 4: 203 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 266 days  *I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Congrats To Scarlett Johansson On Huge & Deserved Raise For Black Widow.
haha I’m not ready for the “in memoriam” at the end of captain marvel kill me please
We were talking about this earlier. He probably done the Captain Marvel cameo and I hope they already have the Avengers 4 cameo done too.   It's going to be strange watching a Marvel film and not waiting to see where Stan pops up
This #NCBD Skyward #7 Aquaman #41 Batman #57 Cover #2 Damage #10 JL #10 JL Dark #4 Nightwing #51 Sideways #9 Teen Titans #23 Weapon Hex #1 Life of Captain Marvel #4 Marvel Zombie #1 Mr and Mrs X #4 Shuri #1 Thor #6 Venom Annual Weapon H #9 WhatIf? Ghost Rider X men Black Mystique
When he knows damn well they're not using guns but they have a fake argument to distract from the fact they’re all staring as  ’s ass ° ° ° ° °      @the_sensational_spiderman  
Captain Marvel would be out of theaters by the time it came out. What the fuck kind of...  Oh. Clicks. That's why. 
we will see this at the end of  and    RIP Stan Lee, our greatest hero of all time.
I feel like this gif from  really sums up today 
Marvel Fixes ‘Captain Marvel’ Poster Spanish Translation Following Complaints  
Captain Marvel #29 VG condition Huge auction going on now! on eBay:    
Marvel Graphic Novels...I know very little about these. Surprised to see such varied titles and creators. After “Death of Captain Marvel” and intro to “The New Mutants” I did not follow.      
Are you getting excited for Captain Marvel? https://youtu.be/f08OxvBg6fI
laura kinney wearing a captain marvel shirt is a mood 
In honor of the awesome trailer dropping, a almost forgot I also got to draw  a couple times. 
The author of the Captain Marvel prelude, Will Corona Pilgrim, has said this is the reason Fury waited so long to call in Danvers! - “Carol’s the biggest gun you’ve got and Fury’s never one to waste a silver bullet, so if he’s finally making that call af…  
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/T9PIuCJaHtE?a  captain marvel tamil
THEY ALREADY PUT UP CAPTAIN MARVEL’S MOVIE POSTER ISKCKEKFKG 
Captain Marvel release date, cast, powers, trailer, poster, and everything else you need to know   
 tights-wearing flyer to  tights-wearing catcher. It's our  tribute to 
Some say that anyone on the  train probably hates on   Not true  We WANT to be over the moon excited for this, but for a lot of us the unjust firing of James Gunn has sapped our joy for The MCU. Much like Carol had her powers sapped by a young Rogue 
Logo on hat at :40  #LongLiveAgentsofSHIELD
Yes, Captain Marvel is setting up the MCU's Secret Invasion.  But why are fans expecting it to be in Avengers 4 aka Infinity War - Part 2?   
Kevin Feige:  is "a different type of origin story"   
I just really feel the need to point out that Scott Pilgrim beat up Captain America and Super Man and also dated Captain Marvel and that I really love this movie.   #ScottPilgrimVsTheWorld
julia b & i on houseparty b: ranting abt how isaac is gonna get a nicotine addiction and how bad juul is  me & julia: laughing at my sister dressed as captain marvel  b: this is the face rednecks have in their profile pics 
Captain Marvel is touching down at Disney California Adventure Park in early 2019! Learn more: http://bit.ly/2DI3NOF
Loki and Captain Marvel?  lol 
hey  i painted this today. the black and white part is supposed to be this picture of you and then i painted the captain marvel logo  
The media continues to spin news surrounding  by focusing so much on  that they are beginning to lose the complexity of the human person in who they discuss...we are not defined by race, gender, or anything else  
 will be based on Kelly Sue DeConnick’s famous comic run…!  
New post (Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos' Infinity War Snap) has been published on Buzzort - 
Grace Randolph is a moron. Pass it on.   Wonder Woman 1984 Backed Down to Captain Marvel? Come on... https://youtu.be/Y7FgoA2J3gk  via @YouTube
Marvel writer Margaret Stohl on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series http://dnai.in/fLFH  by @ruchasharma
Immortal Hulk #5 - “Action/Reaction” (2018) pencil & ink by Lee Garbett color by Paul Mounts     
Just a friendly reminder that next year we're going to have Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Spiderman Far From home and I don't know if I'm going to survive
Listening to  - (nerdschatting captain marvel trailer 1) 
Captain Marvel.  photography by OShutterPhoto  
I got comics! And a cool Captain Marvel magnet. Sometimes when you're broke af you have to splurge on yourself, be kind to yourself  
Well, this is what she looked like before becoming Captain Marvel. Sexy for sure. 
Look at chibi Carol. Look at her.  
You know, "Batman: The Brave and The Bold" is the perfect chaser for "Batman vs. Two-Face." Given he has a movie coming up, I hopped right to the Shazam ... er ... Captain Marvel episode. Man, this show is so great.  BraveBold   
Depends on the team and if anyone is paid at all. Some are government agents like Captain Marvel others are self funded like Thor. Some use other means...
carol danvers —captain marvel  editor: peregrne on ig 
    90's Rogue will forever be my version. If only she was in  movie to drain her powers away & save us all 
Someone please tell Thanos to use the gauntlet with the infinity stones, we need Stan Lee... We want him to complete captain marvel for us 
Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait? https://youtu.be/JJpheSW9wTE  via @YouTube
Wearing my new t-shirt   
take me back to the captain marvel trailer reveal day when all of mcu stan twitter was in harmony for a few golden hours
CORRECTION: This is a direct set photo from CAPTAIN MARVEL and is NOT edited.
 and the   looking badass in 
A palpable 2019 for Marvel and the rest of us to look forward to, with Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, X-Men - Dark Phoenix and Spider-Man Far From Home, all due for release. It's truly going to be a 'Marvel'ous year!  #MarvelComics #CaptainMarvel #SpiderMan #Avengers4 #SuperHeroes
Top 7 Most Liked Teaser/Trailers  1 . Infinity War Trailer 1 - 3.37M  2 . Infinity War Trailer 2 - 1.77M  3 . Thugs Of Hindostan Trailer - 1.26M  4 . #Mersal Teaser - 1.11M  5 . #Sarkar Teaser - 1.10M  6 . Tiger Zinda Hai Trailer - 1.07M  7 . Captain Marvel Trailer - 1.02M
 I did my best to channel you!   18
when i started reading captain marvel comics i fell in love with her instantly, then hoped w all my heart she’d get a movie & now she finally is :’) i know you’ll do her justice. thank u for bringing her to life on the big screen, cant wait till march !!  
Ignore the dumbass sticker over my face but hERES MY CAPTAIN MARVEL HAT I HAD MADE  
Maybe Captain Marvel is just doing what we all want to do and punching the stupid baby boomers in their fucking faces?
 What Nick Fury's Been Doing Since Avengers: Age of Ultron  Studios  UK 
With  coming up and Disney's re-acquisition of the  properties, we could actually get a proper version of . I wouldn't mind her (and Mystique?) being introduced in Carol's 2nd movie w/ bits inspired by Avengers Annual 10.
@ManaByte do you think that the captain marvel post-credit scene will involve clint's family disappearing to make me wanna kill the Russos even more than I do now? :)
Oh, and of course, Filipe Andrade's art is superb, with Chris O'Halloran's colors making it even better. I knew Andrade's from KSD's first Captain Marvel volume and the art here is a bit different; I think I liked it even more. His style fits a magical story more, too! 
The trailer for the new series of  starring Jodie Whittaker has jumped up to the #1 slot on the Trending page on YouTube; overtaking the Captain Marvel trailer and Mary Poppins Returns trailer within only a few mere hours. 
Captain Marvel:   Photo:      
Can't wait for ?! SAME. Until then, we've got book recs for the movies of the MCU!   
The only one in your list that has development is Wonder Woman. You sound like such a salty bitch. No one said Captain Marvel will revolutionize female superhero films, stop reaching. Have you even seen a single Marvel movie? We need to support ALL female superheroes. 
We fixed these other superheroes so they smile more too  
I’d care about this Captain Marvel doesn’t smile situation if people didn’t incorrectly target Man of Steel/Batman v Superman for Superman “not smiling” for the last 5 years.
Now I will say I’m not looking forward to Captain Marvel yet
WONDER WOMAN and CAPTAIN MARVEL Team Up in Awesome Fan Art 
I’m thinking like a cameo as an ex-love interest in the new  movie?!?! 
Kevin Feige Says Kelly Sue DeConnick’s Run Inspired ‘Captain Marvel’  
Remember, Lego Robin went against Captain America, Superman/Atom, Captain Marvel and got jumped on by The Punisher, just to go out with Huntress. 
Okay, now I'm REALLY confused. Captain Marvel got blasted for not smiling enough in her trailer, now She-Ra is blasted for smiling too much.  And somehow both of these things are anti-feminine.  JUST ADMIT YOU'RE MISOGYNISTS AND LEAVE
Yeah . . . can't wait . . . yawn.   
Some very exciting news that Adelaide based @rspvfx are currently working on the much anticipated @captainmarvel movie! http://bit.ly/2xOhmHb  #vfx #movies #visualeffects #featurefilm #southaustralia #adelaide #studio #film #technology #creativeindustries
Thank you stan lee for all of this   AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   1922-2018 
Well, Jean is supposed to be a villain here. We're not supposed to cheer for the DARK Phoenix. We're supposed to cheer for the X-Men. We're supposed to cheer for Captain Marvel.
Sporting my   look today.  
ICYMI: In this segment, the KALB movie buffs give their thoughts on the first "Captain Marvel" trailer that dropped in the past week. Is it an immediate surprise or perhaps underwhelming? The W.A.M. gang was split. 
Why comparing 'Captain Marvel' to 'Wonder Woman' or 'Black Panther' is a dangerous trap:  
Got this wonderful  glass at 
Clark Gregg as a young Phil Coulson in the upcoming Captain Marvel which takes place in 1995. 
125 Days To Go   
The first photo looks like an official movie poster for Captain Marvel  Well JooE said shes part of Avengers anyway        
Captain Marvel #1 2014 2016 2018 2019 ...2020?
happy birthday lexaaaa! finally 15 ka na. you deserve all the love and height in the world (love nalang daw pala haha) gotchu always oki? loveyouuu  *let's watch captain marvel okay! 
//:To all these “Thanos is nothing without the gauntlet”. I also submit the fact he was bodied/held off the likes of Namor,Thor, Hulk and Captain marvel without it.   Switching to MCU if you’ll notice he held every stone with his bare hands! Which every other being - 
Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel Revealed 
Captain Marvel of  Air Force Club leading by example with his goals   Here's Hammadi Ahmad and his goals in the 
I’m a HUGE DC fab I love them but saying that the joker had more emotion in 30 seconds than  in the whole trailer it’s so stupid. They are playing completely different roles it makes literally no sense 
1. Agent Melinda May 2. Agent Phil Coulson 3. Agent Elena Rodriguez  4. Shuri 5. Captain Marvel 6. Thor 7. Tony Stark/Iron Man 
. reveals another look at her  costume while urging people to vote  
Marvel Changes Captain Marvel's Origin Story Ahead of Movie  via 
captain marvel trailer: HER  me:   captain marvel trailer: A HERO  me: 
I’m honestly expecting one of the post-credit scenes in Captain Marvel to be a flash forward to Carol getting Nick Fury’s message after he turned to dust at the end of Infinity War.
And Captain Marvel!! And Spider-Man
It's Recording Day! This week: , , &  trailers,  first look, &  closes! Plus another ! In the meantime catch up here  :      
IM PISSED THO bc they didnt show the fucking captain marvel trailer... the audacity 
Small Screen Heroes: Captain Marvel Trailer, Henry Cavill, Amazing Spider-Man, Tom Velez, Spider-Man PS4  
I can’t wait to watch Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel completely annihilate Thanos next year. 
how dare u not mention captain marvel 
me after infinity war but realizing captain marvel is gonna kick thanos' ass 
stop comparing captain marvel and wonder woman 
And it isn't like both are going to be compared anyway. WW84 will release on 2020 and there'll be articles comparing it with Captain Marvel. It is what it is, but both movies aren't competing indeed not before and definitely not now. 
Check out my  story! 
Why did no one tell me about #DetectivePikachu #DetectivePikachuMovie ? Captain marvel, avengers 4 and now this?!??!? I want 2019 to get here already
So uh, when is #CaptainMarvel happening?
I'm just going to wait for the release of captain marvel and watch the mindblowing hit is going to be, maybe an all time gross film, and then wait to see how badly that hurts this big mouth jackasses.
Captain Marvel  by    Photo by         
AvailableNOW at    Captain Marvel () undergoes ,   and  all while under the spell of the evil Dr. Mesmer!  Join today and don't miss this one! 
i’m about to post my captain marvel edit hehe get ready to laugh at how bad it is 
given his mystic origin.. probably Captain Marvel or Mary Marvel
not to be dramatic but there was an alex ross stand with the original drawings including the freaking Captain Marvel one skmdngxkahjs 
Colossal Collectibles  Comic Book Corner   Captain Marvel Prelude #1  Published: Marvel Comics 2018 Condition: NM  Store:         
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/2cMT4-8LtuE?a  Captain Marvel Timeline Confirmed #NerdTalk
If anyone’s still on Captain Marvel’s case because she rarely smiled, may I present to you Exhibits A-V 
Stan Lee’s upcoming cameo’s will probably be Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  And his last ever cameo will most likely be.... Spider-Man: Far From Home. The greatest character he’s ever created. FUCK 
I’m at the theater seeing Venom and during the Captain Marvel trailer a girl behind me said “this is why I’m a lesbian”
Between Captain Marvel and the Avengers 4 rumors, it seems like the MCU is rounding out Phase Three with a greatest hits victory lap, and I am 100% on board with that.
I want Captain Marvel to be the first Marvel Movie Maya see's. Unfortunately she's seen like, 8 Marvel movies with me already. But this will still be good.    365   #toocute#daddysgirl   monday 
the captain marvel trailer was released 125 years after new zealand women finally won the right to vote  that’s incredible. 
The lack of lengthy and definitive runs is what has kept Captain Marvel from being a well understood and well known - NAY!- ICONIC character.  DC is directly responsible for three droughts between his ongoing series lasting 19, 17, and 19 years in that order. 
Thanos gonna snap away the fraud that is Captain Marvel!
New VideoThe Eternals Character Reveals! Possible Entry of Thanos’s Brother?!       4 annihilation    
The true Captain Marvel    
Loving this!  as@part of the new Avengers team and looks like there will be a pack with Carol and Steve! 
Quick saturday night experiment..meh            
Can't wait to see them together!   
Check out these 82 images form the first Captain Marvel trailer!   
Yo, how are you supposed to be captain marvel if you don’t even mention the legend Stan lee’s death?
New shirt alert   
we drawing captain marvel streaks
I saw a Captain Marvel —> Wonder Woman plot twist... Kinda pissed, I go to their page. In their bio, they so eloquently state: “FVCK MARVEL!” ahhhhh okay makes sense
 Sketch 
Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman by Jen Bartel 
Captain Marvel is sold! Thank you!
ICYMI: Here's all of the Easter Eggs, hints, clues, and tidbits we caught in the new Captain Marvel trailer.   
These 2 abstacts are on actual canvas so I dub then for real paintings :) The star one is a sort of tribute to the new  movie coming out :)       dad
Happy Halloween!   
They have the Captain Marvel shoes at the Brazilian vans store... and I want them so so very bad!! But it’s $500 BR.
Storm should be pushed more as their leading lady as she once was before not Captain Marvel. Carol was much more likable as Ms. Marvel. 
I saw trailers for Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, and Glass.   It’s like they were made for me.
Captain Marvel  by @megarahopecosplay  Photo by @eternalcosplayapp .    cosplay   
this is like the onion headline that the onion would have wanted to write when they announced captain marvel but it's real 
I think I figured out a way to make the Black Cat getup. I’m going to make a video about it cause it’s relatively simple. Captain Marvel is too difficult to make with the time I have, not to mention I did a classic version of the character last Halloween. 
Created Shazam last night on    
 she has a new movie coming out in The   starting   as  Carol Danvers next March I'm looking forward too. So I am going to get  's run of   in TPB from  next month !!! 
Poor Ben Mendelsohn.  He's being typecast as ''generic one-off bad guy'' and it won't stop there. He will play another generic bad guy in Captain Marvel. 
Here’s a look at the  we review in Ep 39! Listen as we talk      & !     Podbean:  Tunein:   iTunes: 
“Xmen dark phoenix” “Captain Marvel” “Venom”  GET ALL MY MONEY MARVEL
!!!! let's be mutuals!! rt or like if you stan: -bruce banner  -bucky barnes - captain marvel - thor  - doctor strange - loki  - steve rogers  - tony stark - the ENTIRE cast of black panther - peter parker - basically all of mcu characters and cast -cats
They should recast Jay Gruden as #CaptainMarvel. If he can stop Jordan Reed from catching a pass in an NFL game, I know he can defeat Thanos.
 and  will be released within the next few months. 
Gary Frank Variant Cover for Shazam #1 via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2PozWQI
The skrulls from captain marvel look like shit honestly  “But the movie isn’t out yet!”
Meany more happy returns of the day to you captain          com wn
Captain Marvel Is Different and Exciting Says Feige https://cosmicbook.news/captain-marvel-different-exciting-feige … #captainmarvel
First site to break Eternals:  First site to say Spider-Man's FFH suit is black and red:  The date for the Captain Marvel trailer (and then Disney asked me to take the story down): 
how does captain marvel hold the key to the avengers... are they a house or something
Let’s not forget about Captain marvel and avengers 4
Where is the hype for Captain Marvel ?
 TRAILER | PICTURES SURFACE OF NEW  – The Weekly Roast & Toast LIVE @ 9:30 PM CST  It’s Trailer Tuesday! You toasties may have been waiting fairly impatiently to see something from Captain Marvel and now we have a trailer! 
instagram mcu stans only care ab scarlet witch, black widow, and captain marvel because their good looking (and any other female hero) and honestly im over it
Captain Marvel is one of Marvel Comics’ most important new heroes, even though she's been around for decades — here's how Carol Danvers has changed since 1968 
Marvel Fixes the Spanish Translation of the Captain Marvel Poster After Fans Complain 
Kate Bishop x Batgirl (Babs)  Captain Marvel x Wonder Woman Donna Troy x X23 (I think this would be epic)  Daredevil x Batman 
Finally watched the Captain Marvel trailer. Still don't like Carol Danvers and I'm still not all that interested in the movie. But seeing her fly in formation with Starforce through the cosmos wearing a Kree uniform was really cool.
Just be careful when he asks you to dress up as Captain Marvel or Black Widow.
R.I.P Stan Lee    
Just watched #AntManAndTheWasp was SOOOO GOOOD! so much even better then first antman movie loved it a lot! Can't wait for avengers 4 and omg captain marvel !
In JSA #57 Captain Marvel recommended that Hawkman should be chairman of the JSA, because he believed Hawkman would be the best source of leadership against Black Adam.  I loved this moment. 
Send your thoughts to capesandlunatics@gmail.com before the 2nd episode of our monthly miniseries “Who is ”? This time . and . discuss the career of the  !
Captain Marvel Movie Based on Kelly Sue DeConnick's Comics Run -  
Not quite a poem, but poetic: I keep 's Captain Marvel/Helen Cobb monologue on hand at pretty much all times. "the Lord put us here to punch holes in the sky" 
Victory got myself a  variant for @margaret_stohl Life of  4 
In case you're wondering why  took a swing at poor ol' granny... 
CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer Viewed Over 109 Million Times in 24 Hours 
Legend  did it again.   
I just read The Life of #CaptainMarvel & wow. It is so emotional  PLEASE PICK IT UP!!!! It is a must read. Thanks to @mstohl for another incredible issue.
Just a reminder: Big Dick Energy: AirForce Colonel, Carol Danvers; enters the MCU on March 8th 2019. 116 Days left.       
*tries to patiently wait for the captain marvel movie but always fails* 
Captain Marvel: Is There Cause for Concern? 
captain marvel on her way to earth in a4 
Captain Marvel is one of the most powerful heroes in the comics, and her entrance into the Marvel Cinematic Universe is HUGE, as it signals a significant shift in the entire narrative.  
captain marvel’s uniform looks so good tho 
The real star of Captain Marvel is hiding on the official poster  
Disney's Captain Marvel accidentally puts out an ad with a phone sex hotline number  
I am so excited and so happy with the news of a potent upcoming solo  series  I hope we get some confirmation from marvel on it After Captain Marvel comes out  Or from  or Elisabeth at Comic Con  Marvel still hasn’t denied the story or made any statements
Kevin Feige has said audiences can expect a “very different type of origin story” from ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’. (Source: )
Here's my new #Avengers4 #CaptainMarvel Prequel Story Breakdown!  http://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4?a
The fact yall listed the life of pets 2 and not what’s gonna no doubt be the biggest movie of our lifetime Avengers 4 , or Captain Marvel... 
i need to stop spending my money and save it for captain marvel and a4 i
A cinema ad for "Adventures of Captain Marvel" in Flemish. Note that the film serial title is simply "Capitain Marvel"  From De Gazet Van Aalst, May 12, 1949, Aalst, Belgium      
I'll be waiting in my trailer. #CaptainMarvel
they’re playing the captain marvel trailer at target 
wow a male hating on captain marvel even tho it's not even out yet this is so shocking 
Here's my 2018 pumpkin. Captain Marvel in all her glowing-eye glory!           pumpkin    4 
Captain Marvel (And your Black Widow is most excellent.) 
I love that I still get questions about Captain Marvel.
When we go to see Captain Marvel, he'll be there.   But before the credits roll, we'll see it:   "In Memory of Stan Lee: 1922-2018. Excelsior!"  I'll try not to cry.
Here's our breakdown of the  trailer 
Captain Marvel: no calls, no texts. Daisy: I'm sorry 
MARVEL Comics CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 NM Signed ARTGERM AVENGERS THANOS INFINITY WAR  https://ebay.us/PNzTou  via @eBay #CAPTAINMARVEL #ARTGERM #SIGNED #THANOS #COSMIC #AVENGERS #MOVIE #INFINITYWAR #IRONMAN #CAPTAINAMERICA #HULK #EBAY #AUCTION #COMICS #COMICBOOKS #MARVELCOMICS
 's  is looking awesome! I made a fanart   
It only took 5 viewings of the trailer but now I can confirm @BP_Parker25 ‘s theory that Captain Marvel was shot in our backyard and now I’m angry I didn’t go say hi when they were shooting
I can’t wait to see Captain Marvel beat Thanos’ ass
Tune in to episode 10 of Everything But Nothing with me,  and  - the "I'm not dead" episode.   We talk Kavanaugh, that murderous cop, Ted Cruz, midterms and Captain Marvel https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/everything-but-nothing/id1406893962?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504519486 …
if this isn't the definition of GOALS, I don't know what is  new  series by  in early 2019 
Captain Marvel #01 (Alex Ross Cover) 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/BfTyKs-f0OU?a  Thor vs Captain Marvel-Marvel/DC Crossover
The King Is Dead   RIP Stan Lee (Captain Marvel) 
"Thanks for everything Stan Lee!                         
Me during a home invasion when the burglar tells me he hasn’t seen the trailer of Captain Marvel 
I hope captain marvel will be lesbian friendly... If you know what I mean
captain marvel is coming out on the 7th of March here 
Hard at work (but sooooo early!)       @ The High Line https://www.instagram.com/p/Bom8a_vFC7C/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=60areiabqjhe …
Top 10 marvel characters who I want to see team up with spider man 10:Thor 9:Ant man 8:Rocket raccoon 7:Shuri 6:War machine 5:Venom 4:Daredevil 3:Scarlet witch 2:Nick fury 1:Black panther Honorable mentions Gamora Captain marvel Black widow Okoye Wasp Hawkeye Groot
Oof this thread. I didn't know there was a whole thing about Captain Marvel looking bland but OF COURSE THERE IS. 
For the love of god, please stop telling Captain Marvel to smile  
Fun stuff. Great presenters.  @captainmarvel @Marvel #BronChar Explained - MCU Kree Starforce https://youtu.be/5U2e6Qbcw4U   via @YouTube
can’t wait for valkyrie to show up in a4 to kick the crap out of thanos with captain marvel
There's 19 in that time window as of Captain Marvel. This isn't a value judgment, it's just an astounding statistic.
  -  Goes Live At 8PM EST - Lot (2) 'Captain Marvel' Vintage Comic Covers. 11x14 Unframed   
Not going to lie, I half expected Phil Coulson to rock up to the  party like....   they did a dope job!
MARVEL TEAM-UP 143 — July 1984 — MARVEL SPIDER-MAN Starfox Captain Marvel on eBay:     
LOVE HOW THE  MOVIE AND COMIC LOGOS ARE VERY MUCH ALIKE NOW. HERE WE GO 2019! 
When you see the ComicsGate crowd saying Captain Marvel is going to fail at the box office: 
My rare moment of crafting fun.   
48th episode is up and it's the Moshi Moshi Podcast Desu Tournament of Heroes: Marvel edition!! 8 superheroes, but only 1 can win. Listen and find out who reigns supreme          
ALGUEM FAZ UMA EDIT DE CAPTAIN MARVEL COM A MUSICA LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO E ME MANDA O LINK PF
Who Is  Part 2! https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/who-is-captain-marvel-part-2-monica-rambeau-capes-lunatics/id934541187?i=1000423754714&mt=2 … .@Nightwingpdp and @CharlieEsser discuss the story of the first earthling and woman to use the name Captain Marvel, #MonicaRambeau! #Avengerspic.twitter.com/AV4PxP5eWK
“Next fall” in 2019 we will have captain marvel, avengers 4, spiderman far from home and A LOKI SHOW? 2019 IS THE YEAR OF MCU IM SO HYPED IM CRYING 
To the Avengers and Captain Marvel.       Nobody likes being in the Soul Stone. Hurry up. 
She's gonna sing an ost for captain marvel 
 , a symbol of inspiration for EVERYONE! 
109 days before  
If you're still wondering why  punched an old woman in the face, the answer is very Skrully:  
Captain Marvel, please save the universe... But more importantly. Protect Tony Stark.
A take you'll hear on @marvelnewsdesk this week.   Nick Fury waited for Captain Marvel until he was in a desperate situation.  What was the Battle of NY?  How does he know 10 seconds into the snap its worse than Ultron, Chitauri, or Project Insight?
Sometimes homemade is the best!        
[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 55 días Captain Marvel: 132 días  Shazam: 160 días  Avengers 4: 188 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 223 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 251 días The New Mutants: 279 días
This guy broke the news for Captain Marvel’s trailer release, Black Widow, and most of other news that has been proven true over the past few years.  If this is true, then kill me right now. 
Watched a bunch of reaction vids of the trailer. Seeing people recognizing and cheering for young Coulson makes me so happy and emotional.   
"Captain" Marvel is supposedly the RDJ of phase 4.  So .... yeah, after Avengers 4 is probably time to jump ship 
So i was at the captain marvel premiere and my bladder was full right ? So i went to go use the big boys room, and this is how the bathroom looked like... shame on you   
New look at  in her Starforce suit -  
IT: CHAPTER TWO AVENGERS INFINITY WAR PT. 2 XMEN: DARK PHOENIX  FIVE FEET APART Captain Marvel Spiderman: Far From Home Pet Sematary Zombieland 2 Godzilla: King of Monsters Star Wars: Episode 9  BRUHHHH 2019 IS FULL OF WONDERS 
Hear us out: Why Carol changes her costume in the new movie.  
alright I'm getting rid of this  ! $60 etc
Eat this, Captain Marvel meme 
I think @79SemiFinalist on Captain Marvel and @TomTaylorMade on Spider-Man are two great examples of stuff I didn't know I needed until it was mentioned Beyond excited for both books to start
Lee Pace explains  how he was doing 'Angels in America' on Broadway & shooting Captain Marvel at the same time.   "It was the craziest thing to juggle, doing both of these at the same time..."  But "it was a good time". :)    
 Forget Avengers Four,Forget Shazam Forget even Captain Marvel !! This is my most anticipated movie of 2019 !! 
maybe them giving us captain marvel was their way of saying “yeah we’re gonna have a final death in a4, but here, here’s captain marvel!”
hey y'all so i really want new friends/mutals so please rt if you stan: ♡rdj/tony stark ♡tom hiddleston/loki ♡tom holland ♡chris hemsworth ♡doctor strange ♡captain marvel ♡basically all mcu characters hehe i follow back!! (no th*rkis or st*rkers pls) 
Except that ability she has predates Super Saiyan by more than a decade.  
|| 132 dni do Captain Marvel 190 dni do Avengers 4 225 dni do X-Men: Dark Phoenix 253 dni do Spider-Man: Far From Home
So now there are people who are calling critics of the new  Trailer sexist...it is because of stupidity like this that our world continues to become more divided      Rising
 ep. 56 "Temperature Check"     HQ :    :    :     Direct Download:   
I really wanna see an interaction like this in Avengers 5 or something. It would be cool to have the new team consist of Spider-Man, Scarlet Witch, Falcon, War Machine, whichever Avengers survive, and Captain Marvel. 
The lawsuit between DC and Fawcett Publications over Captain Marvel was ridiculous. DC only sued Fawcett because Captain Marvel was outselling Superman. That's it.
 BATTLES!  Battles  Prep Time: None!  Setting:  Who Would Win between   SHAZAM  THE JUGGERNAUT?! Take our poll! Follow  also on Instagram!   
Just waiting on my NIN shirt and then I am all set to cosplay  as  /  at  this Sunday! Who else will I see there?  
Lihat nih bagaimana kemampuan Captain Marvel dan perannya dalam kelanjutan Avenger.   https://paragram.id/berita/trailer-film-captain-marvel-akankah-menjadi-penyelamat-avengers-2735 …
111 days before  
HIGHERFURTHERFASTER  
Movies: - Avengers 4 (Action) - Toy Story 4 (Comedy) - Shazam (Action/Comedy) - Captain Marvel (Adventure) - Dumbo (Live Action) - HtoTYD: The Hidden World (Action) - The Lion King (Live Action) - JOHN WICK 3!!!??!!?!!WHAT (Action)
Already voted, even wore my Captain Marvel jacket (I take that jacket with me, most of the time, these days).
Now For Sale: Marvels Captain Marvel Prelude #1 (Marvel, 2018) NM - 
Solicits just dropped & January is a VERY big month for me, kids. Lots of books coming out. First up...  #1. It all starts here! Art & colors by  &  Covers by   Variants:   
MARVEL: we're retconning the fuck outta Captain Marvel amd inadvertently spoiling the movie DC: yeah well we gave Dick Grayson brain damage so we could stop calling him Dick
Can captain marvel snap me over her knee thank you
Doubt that. Infinity wars and Captain Marvel both had their trailers premiered at @GMA
Tales From The Blog→  Key Carol Danvers & Captain Marvel Comics to Collect https://wp.me/p8wDwr-9RZ?utm_source=ReviveOldPost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ReviveOldPost …
Later…  "The House of Exorcism" (1975) at 10:35 PM EDT  "The Mountain of the Cannibal God" (1978) AKA "Slave of the Cannibal God" at 12:10 AM EDT  Plus a Daffy Duck cartoon and an episode of the classic Captain Marvel serial!
Captain Marvel, Dr.Strange, Thor and Scarlet Witch
Easy. Because Kevin Feige didn’t have her character in mind. But when WW was announced the character start being around his thoughts but he needed to see if WW was a success. And it was. So now Kevin Feige needs to say that he always had her in mind blablabla...   
Thanos just doesn't know  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction
Repost @/sujar1th3 on IG  ”Lee Pace literally drew a stick figure of Ronan the Accuser”          
 was opening in November 2019   opens up in March 2019  There was a FUCKING 8 month gap between these films. Lmao  Why do people listen to this woman? 
Shoutout to all the kids & adults who complimented my costume tonight!   
from a sketch i did four years ago to the final piece that took me a while to finalise i feel like i've not done too bad   
Episode 227: Captain Marvel, The Joker, Batman, Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and more: http://youtu.be/06spVYuUJXg?a  via
 Debut. 
Captain Marvel Trailer   Reaction https://youtu.be/ieKTNUwt3pk  via @YouTube
It's rough being a Captain Marvel fan. It's always one step forward two steps back with her. They finally get Carol away from government stooge stories only to do that lame origin revelation.
This month on  I wrote all about , , , stoned lobsters, octopuses on ecstasy, , , , , , , , ,  & more!  Read my articles here: 
Captain Marvel  by Reaver Cosplay   Photo by      
WATCH: ‘Captain Marvel’ trailer lands ahead of March 2019 debut https://entertainment.inquirer.net/294252/watch-captain-marvel-trailer-lands-ahead-march-2019-debut?utm_campaign=Echobox&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1537334794 …
Captain Marvel Timeline Confirmed  
Look how many badass women!  Pic by .      
The Chameleon takes on the appearance of an old woman to taunt Spider-Man…but when Spidey beats him up, everyone else sees him punching an old woman! I mean, why would a superhero ever punch an old woman?!?    
A little reading.... 1968 Captain Marvel #3. 
Guests visiting  will be able to encounter  in early 2019!  
WHAT A YEAR 2019 will be for us!  played by , half directed by Anna Boden (with Ryan Fleck), with a huge female team of screenwriters AND the  book written by  and her female team of   
The Shazam fans saying that diminish their own hero. looks like without the Captain Marvel name he is nothing! Captain Marvel is Carol, fits her and will be how new fans and the global mass will know her.But if one day she changes it.I’ll call her by the new one because it’s her!
Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos' Infinity War Snap 
Inktober day 1: Carol.  2018    
I used to feel the same about the name, but again, it’s an issue of respect. He should not be called anything other than Captain Marvel for that reason alone.  If there had been a need for a name change, it should have been Captain Thunder.
This is beautiful and powerful. Thank you,    
People dislike Monica as Captain Marvel? DON'T THOSE FOOLS KNOW SHE LED THE AVENGERS????  Seriously though she is great.
I’m excited for Captain Marvel... but the trailer makes it look like It’s a Green Lantern remake with a woman. Which would still be terrible.
Nooo!!!!!!  The Mastermind behind Marvel has left in peace.       infinitywar  
marvels already done flashbacks in aos w younger coulson and they didn’t use cgi. do they just expect me to believe that between captain marvel and the aos flashbacks he ages that fast. idiots. 
This folks is MR. MIND. He is one of the greatest threats to Captain Marvel & the entire Marvel family...I shit you not  
captain marvel rights!!! 
I really want another captain marvel trailer
Weren’t the upset that Captain Marvel didn’t smile? Now smiling is bad?
THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND THE DARK PHOENIX TRAILER I LOVE WOMAN
Welcome to the party, Danvers  
Higher Further Faster  
I will also make noise if Lola shows up in “Captain Marvel.”  
Best part of @PCLeftovers this week is @LazyJediBri freestyling a #CaptainMarvel theme song to the old HBO 80's intro song
"i don't know much about captain marvel" but i'll make a 13 minute video talking about all the things that are wrong with this trailer
This Facebook thing just told me I’m Captain Marvel so that’s it for me I’ve completed every level of achievement in my life 
BIG DOPE  NEWSSSSSS:  New series by  &  with  cover. VERY HYPED FOR THISSSSS!  revealed for  week!
Im not saying that captain marvel is gonna smash thanos to bits but thats exactly what im sayin
  commission.
Everything we know about  so far  
Flash, Captain Marvel & Blue Beetle 
We've seen the captain marvel movie many times. 
Captain Marvel Is The Key To Avengers 4 https://goo.gl/Ne2NTb
For anyone and everyone who wants to read all about who  is, this is the best list of her comics and comic appearances in chronological order. Compiled by the fab  Please share!    
With Captain Marvel and Disney's streaming service on the horizon, here's every upcoming TV show and movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe:  
I ship Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman. It's a good match because Diana has a thing for Air Force pilots.
Grace Randolph blocked me .  
160 Days Until   
INFINITY WAR 2 SPOILER CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS DUSTED TOO AND THE CLIFFHANGER WAS FOR NAUGHT THE END ROLL CREDITS
That Captain Marvel trailer lacks personality.
Wow, some dudes are pissed Captain Marvel isn't smiling in the trailers. WEIRD. It's almost like she doesn't exist for them to look at and be nice to. Like she has her own emotional inner life and context and story. WEIRD.
pusha t is captain marvel. 
Woah!   
The greatest female superhero!!! #CaptainMarvel @MarvelStudios @captainmarvel  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8  via @YouTube
Captain Marvel  by   Photo by  .    cosplay   
Captain Marvel will help fill in some blanks and kick some butt along the way!      via  
Still hyped about that  trailer. Check out my reaction video:  
Geoff Johns butchering Captain Marvel/Billy Batson. 
1974 cover recreation of Marvel Mystery Comics #8 by CC Beck, the cocreator of the original Captain Marvel. The original cover from 1940 was by Alex Schomburg. 
  click the link to get access to the full set before oct 1st!  
Captain Marvel: putting the HER in HERO #CaptainMarvel #hero #Marvel
She really snappedt. I can’t wait to see her role in Captain Marvel!
HER-O!  FIRST TRAILER DEBUT SHE’S HERE! #CAPTAINMARVEL is unleashed to the WORLD. #PROUD!https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
That edit of God is a Woman over the Captain Marvel trailer is still one of my favorite things.
reminded me of captain marvel for some reason. 
Just watched the preview for Captain Marvel in the theater and I’m trying not to cry bc my Brother and Danica are here.
More of our young Carol, , as  this Halloween!!! 
Captain Marvel slander for 0 likes and 0 retweets we- 
MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Capta... https://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50  via @YouTube
what a moron...  very good captain marvel over here . 
None of the usual candidates for top performers are on ’s first place team in  instead he’s got a well rounded team with  and Miles  leading the way   
Want to say thank you to  on this  for "Life of Captain Marvel". It's exactly what the  need right now.
Captain Marvel will appear on the Disney Cruise Line and at Disneyland Paris starting next year: 
Captain Marvel & Co.:  brought some friends with her to watch the  trailer at the Smithsonian  Museum on an IMAX screen!
Captain Marvel "is incredibly human and flawed, which makes her relatable,” said the writer Kelly Thompson. “She’s incredible but she struggles.” https://nyti.ms/2NXtEYr
Paging Captain Marvel fans!  I helped  make this t-shirt a reality. If you don't get it read THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL and cop this sweet shirt 
I would LOVE for him to be called Captain Marvel again, but its not going to change any time soon so I cant be bothered to have endless threads about it. This thread has been good and everyone is being polite so its great, But I have been in some NASTY threads
I, uh, did not even imagine they would have Captain Marvel face characters on Disney property. Whoa. 
Yo @Marvel we just wanna see the end credits of Captain Marvel. Give us that to hold us over
The avengers when captain marvel finally shows up  
"It's Monica. Or Spectrum, If you're nasty." -Monica  ·  
Captain Marvel!    universe           
ANNOUNCEMENT!  will launch a new  series with art by the magnificent, amazing, wondrous   accompanied by   and eds.  & . Covers by . Guys, you are really going to love this!!!
Just a few cosplay plans for next year! Definitely want to do a few groups with these as well! .       … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTTgYij8qT/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1u2n8b3g29vmr …
I genuinely don't mean to pick on anybody who is excited about Captain Marvel. If it looks good to you, great. Speaking only for myself, I'm underwhelmed and puzzled.
You look amazing! Loving his artwork. #CaptainMarvel
Repping my Captain Marvel sweater today!  
Are Captain Marvel and Captain America allowed to be different characters that people don’t pit against each other? They are both iconic characters in their OWN respects.
Imagine thinking Marvel was “burying” captain marvel who they’ve announced will be the strongest avenger ever and the star of 2019 because the GODFATHER of the MCU was narrating her trailer
Holy hell  trailer on big screen...  
Ant Man and Captain Marvel coming down on Thanos to save the MCU 
Increíble primer póster de , está increíble superhéroe se une al  para sorprendernos.  Quien la espera??   cinematicuniverse  … https://www.instagram.com/p/BpQUHQYFZm2/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=14z7ndpdmfutm …
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/uGcS8FWKt9Y?a  Shazam - Teaser Trailer 2019 | DC's Captain Marvel | Fan Made Movie
China has won the world teams championship, the women's world title, the women's and men's Olympiads and even a rare double gold at the same event. There is virtually only one infinity stone missing (the men's world championship) but for that one they might need a Captain Marvel. 
I learned a lot more about the Kree, filming Captain Marvel, says Lee Pace.  #AceUniverse
Here’s an old Captain Marvel sketch, to celebrate the trailer. I’m so excited!  
Countdown ~  118 days until Captain Marvel  174 days until Avengers 4  237 days until Spider-Man 2 
Period! That is the only one that was good. I’m worried about Captain Marvel low key.
 Prelude  Reveals What 's Been Up To  
I’m not hype to see captain marvel for some reason
'Shazam!' Director David F. Sandberg Shares Set Photo Of Stand-Ins via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2Q1JEJp
also the quote in my bio is like all the quotes from the captain marvel trailer with sum of my fav people so go thru all the @‘s check em out follow them or sum 
Our next Jewish creator, Mac Raboy. Most known as the co-creator of Captain Marvel Jr. & for drawing the Flash Gordon Sunday strip from 1948-1967. A prolific cover artist for Fawcett on books such as the Green Lama. He did this drawing of his own father, novelist Isaac Raboy. 
WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction: http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  via @YouTube
CAPTAIN MARVEL! Shazam! Avengers 4! Spiderman! The Dark Phoenix! The Lion King! The New Mutants!  
Look who was at the  booth today!           – at 
Captain Marvel, Ms. Marvel and Black Widow team-up... almost. 
We'd rather take a punch from Captain Marvel 
I have no followers to lose so I'm just going to say it: How are you stanning Captain Marvel based off of a 5 minute trailer?  And all those fan edits everyone is making of her are IDENTICAL. I'll hop on the Danvers train once we get more content 
February - Dark Phoenix March - Captain Marvel April - Shazam May - Infinity War 2
I wanted everyone to understand the meaning of heroes like we do. Metaphors they represent, how they empower and inspire. “Higher, Further, Faster - ’s passion to push herself beyond her limits, never letting anything stop her, always ready for the next challenge 
 112 days to journey of most powerful super hero of the Galaxy   
Animated short looking to cast characters for Captain Marvel parody! PAID WORK http://voiceacting.boards.net/thread/2909/animation-captain-marvel-parody-paid …
Looks like everyone wants a  trailer break down like I did for Captain Marvel. Will try to get it up on   as quick as possible after the trailer drops.
Infinity War Concept Art Shows Alternate Design for Captain Marvel Pager -   
I hope it makes more than Captain Marvel ends up making next year
it's the captain marvel trailer 2. the first guitar strings of cherry bomb start playing. a pair of dirty cowboy boots walk down the sidewalk, the camera pans up. it's carol. guns n' roses shirt, hair tied up, sunglasses and a lot of attitude. you wanna die of excitement
I'm not too worried about Captain Marvel... if the movie is good no harm no foul, if the movie tanks they'll pretend it never happened and she'll probably get reset back to normal
WIP. Captain Marvel from my last  stream. Who's hyped for the movie?   artist https://www.instagram.com/p/BpPUlWJlMOu/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=i16i7rqcytf1 …
I got it. Male suppression is a Wonder Woman movie after they made 9 Batman movies. Male suppression is a female Captain Marvel movie after 20 marvel movies based on male heroes. Male supression is Ocean’s 8 and the female remake of ghostbusters. 
My cartoon version of  played by  , can’t wait till 2019！
The concept art that gave us our first official look at the MCU's CAPTAIN MARVEL has been released in full-resolution:  (via )
  Forever be my favorite     
i need captain marvel asap to resurrect my soul
Tonight  a close look at preparation for  .   
Rock the vote was a 1992 campaign to get people to vote. This basically not only confirms Captain Marvel takes place in the early 90s, but that it takes place the same year Bucky (Winter Soldier) kills Tony Starks parents as we saw in Civil War..... mindblown 
I did this sample cover sized 11×17 in. Sold.    comics  https://www.instagram.com/p/BqZAE2Mh5kM/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ye5h4p7q16w2 …
doing an unfollow spree !! release the second official trailer of captain marvel to keep the mutual
A lesson in what? Waiting 26 movies before giving a female the spotlight? Changing the female villain into a man for toy sales. You wouldn't even be getting Captain Marvel were it not for DC schooling. 
Taking a much needed and well earned break from reality for the evening.  marvel  @ West Seattle, Seattle https://www.instagram.com/p/BqWcC8PHbcf/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1bu0upla66fn0 …
It's going to be really stupid when that Captain Marvel movie sucks and we have another one of those fights where we pretend everybody who doesn't like it is a misogynist dickweed.  Or maybe it will be good.  That trailer was pretty bad though.
"Captain Marvel" trailer sets Disney up for another 1-2 punch https://bloom.bg/2NtK36V
New  poster 
My personal  collection from several Italian artists! 1/2    
Fun fact: the Blockbuster they used in Everything Sucks is the same one in the Captain Marvel trailer.  Fun fact: there's only one Blockbuster
[ Whats the plan?] [Hit them hard and fast] [ I like this plan]   Book Bound Costuming and Cosplay (Facebook)        Cosplay
My most anticipated movies of 2019:  1. Avengers 4 2.  3.  4. Spider-Man: Far From Home 5. Joker 6. The New Mutans 7. X-Men: Dark Phoenix 8. Captain Marvel 
Vice preview followed by Aquaman followed by CaptainMarvel followed by Glass followed by Dark Phoenix? #CreedII is already the best movie of the year before it has even started!
Captain Marvel Film Primarily based on Kelly Sue DeConnick's Comics Run  
Captain Marvel's CURVES return!!  Victory for 
 165 Days To Go 
Some films I wanna see at 12am if they’re on a Weekend:   Captain Marvel  Dark Phoenix Avengers 4 Guardians of the Galaxy 3
Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel: Mealtime Mayhem #1 - “Thankful” (2018) 
It appears very likely that Lee's presence will crop up in next month's "Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse" and March's "Captain Marvel." https://buff.ly/2PuAtlg
my timeline is so empty and I’m looking for new mutuals! rt/like if you stan  - thor/chris hemsworth  - loki/tom hiddleston  - scott lang/ paul rudd - captain marvel - doctor strange - thor : ragnarok  - tony stark - basically anything marvel or mcu related
Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. gets renewed for Season 7       
Miss  () from Japan As the Female Version of   from . 
YAS!  and the Avengers! That’s a mighty team! From today’s Avengers #10 the 700th issue! 
New  stock!   Discover  before she hits our cinema screen next March.    
Starting the week with a quick paint of  (of course) 
I GET CHILLS EVERY TIME I WATCH THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER
The next trailer's on the way! #CaptainMarvel #MCUhttp://bit.ly/2qGbzA1
" in a hand to hand, no powers fight, MAYBE. but you are saying a fight. As in, everything both of you can do. Clint, you are one of the most amazing avengers I ever saw, but even you must realize that trying to take on captain marvel like this is insane"
when captain marvel says vote you go and fuckin VOTE 
1: well Captain Marvel comes out in March  2: That ones the girl! I want to see that too! Who’s the girl in Ironman who kicks everyone’s ass? Ugh what’s her name.. ummm umm  Me [about to finally intervene]: B-   2: Dark Widow! She’s so badass 
Captain marvel update innum varala
Crazy dc (fawcett at the time) had captain marvel before marvel changed their name to marvel and then made their own captain marvel and then later made dc change his name from captain marvel
Okay am I losin it or do these makeup brushes look Captain Marvel inspired?   (should I get them? I shouldn't get them but y'all see it right??) 
All the cosmic secrets we uncovered in the stunning Captain Marvel trailer  
Captain Marvel inktober sketch from last night. Ready to punch some grannies      
Most-excited-about movies of 2019. 1. Avengers 4 2. Wonder Woman 1984 3. Spider-Man: Far From Home 4. Joker 5. Captain Marvel What are yours? 
$1665 to go! Almost Billboard Time!                
Captain Marvel vs. Gilgamesh              
Men are very concerned that the Captain Marvel teaser trailer does not include the all-important scene where she says that she will go out with them.
ah shit I just realize we’re gonna be getting a “in memory of stan lee” at the end of captain marvel
Skid marks left after  goal celebration, get in captain marvel welcome back  
Captain Marvel doesn’t have to smile for you — she’s too busy being a badass, too, and stopping aliens from devastating the planet she calls home.  Captain Marvel will be released on March 8, 2019.    
Guys! Captain Marvel is going to Disneyland Paris next Summer! Are you excited as we are?           
Day 4 of Inktober: Spell SHAZAM! Captain Marvel DC fanart.    2018 day4       
When I was playing DC Universeonline, I played as Carol by customizing my character...    
I'm proud that my two sons' reaction to the Captain Marvel trailer was "that looks awesome!" - no mention of gender, no "but that's a GIRL movie" - just reacting to her as another cool, powerful hero. It really gives me hope for the future.
An informative update on 's  coming up tomorrow!     TheMovie  
Knock knock let Captain Marvel in 
What 's New MCU Origin May Be 
•  for  2015 Vs 2018 •  I saw the trailer thousand times and I love it more every time <3  Did you enjoy it? What do you think?  :  
“Shazam!” Happy Saturday!!    (This is a picture I had autographed by Jackson Bostwick who played CM on the 1970s TV show!)
whose to say captain marvel survives the snap?
Captain Marvel was Nick Fury’s Avengers Plan B, new Infinity War prequel shows https://tmblr.co/ZTnQJw2dm7RYf
 and her helmet (animation/comics/live-action)  
Let’s keep Spider-Man: Far From Home, Avengers 4, and Star Wars: Episode IX. If I could choose another it’d probably be Toy Story 4 or Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel by   Art by @kwinones . Like the Art? Support and Follow the Artist! .        
remember when I first saw the captain marvel pictures that came out in september and I thought “that cgi looks so good how’d they make fury have two eyes” love that dumbass energy
"it's a special time in a young man's life when he joins the carol corps. stanning captain marvel is a serious commitment, wesley." 
Captain Marvel.  Aside: I’d love for a writer to take Gilgamesh and Makkari and show how awesomely powerful they are.
marvel’s phase 4? marvel’s phase 4.   (work not mine!)
CAPTAIN MARVEL | TEASER TRAILER BREAKDOWN & EASTER EGG - * R.I.P STAN LEE *: http://youtu.be/WAv_wzMf_pk?a  via @YouTube
NEW EPISODE!                 s ing     
Captain Marvel Prelude (2018) 
If it was about trailers , why did you add “captain marvel”. It was a teaser
I can't wait for the scene where Captain America and Captain Marvel meet, and Tony or someone will be like "but he's the Captain" and Cap will be like "not anymore" because Cap is a good boy.
A kind of a PSA:  Ever since I closed down my Captain Marvel Talk! account on Twitter, I’ve had a few people inquire about my artistic availability.  I’ve turned them all down, even a paying gig.  Truth is, Windsurfer is the focus, which means I’m not available. 
Jude Law’s role in ‘Captain Marvel’ is still unconfirmed, so who do you think he’s really playing?  
I’m a human ball of rage today!    
The  trailer was viewed 109 million times in its first 24 hours  
New  Trailer Could Premiere At Next Month's CCXP -  
A new  theory suggests that  could prove that a Skrull has been in the MCU this whole time: 
my brother said captain marvel needs to smile more  alexa find the nearest orphanage
The captains are coming  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/hyoEPmT2wug?a  Captain Marvel's True Power
So excited about these  x  Black Panther Hi-tops. Still trying to track down the Captain Marvel ones. 
I am so thankful for Richard Kajan Brown and his art.  I love his drawings of me with Jonathan Belle as Supercousins, Justice League allies, and his solo art of my Captain Marvel. Thanks for adding another to the family. Keep putting your art into the world. It matters. 
I’m making my brain stay awake at night now worrying about how I’ll have to find a cinema when I’m in Tenerife or Lanzarote so I can see Captain marvel and avengers 4... in English as well and not get it spoiled for me 
Y'all I am so ready for captain marvel if she doesn't defeat thanos grape headass I'm unstanning.
Shouldn't we maybe hype up Into the Spider-Verse instead? Or get the A4 trailer?? Or even the second Captain Marvel trailer??? 
Trailer internacional de Captain Marvel  
 moving to 2020 Realistic me: avoiding a crowded 2019, not directly competing with , taking time to get things right Cynical me:  is gonna mess with this one, too. Damnit. Hopeful foilhat me: ... they have the perfect window to 
For the next female superhero you'd think they could have picked a better woman.  #CaptainMarvel
Why Nick Fury Waited to Contact Captain Marvel in Infinity War  
I just saw this new Captain Marvel trailer late last night. Wowwww. I can't wait to see it in theater's. :) #CaptainMarvel #yougogirl
If I was in that half, and whatever Captain Marvel does to get the glove off him and use the time and reality stones to undo it, I’d be fucking furious. 
“WHO IS CAROL DANVERS?”  - March 7th 
I see  sending shots to   may the best  win 
And if you heart surrenders, we'll hold it up together. WE BORN READY.         
The captain marvel teaser has reached 1 million likes on YouTube! It is the second marvel movie to achieve this behind infinity war!   
Captain Marvel gets her own ongoing comic series ahead of her solo film, which will feature ‘some female guest stars in an unexpected way’   (via )
LOOKING FOR A HERO? Buy one, get one 50% OFF MARVEL! Today Only! Shop here -             
Captain Marvel gonna call Thanos a misogynist and think that’s gonna stop him dead in his tracks. 
i have no makeup on so please ignore that but i needed to show off my new captain marvel leather jacket 
Today's reading: Marvel Super Heroes #12, the first appearance of Mar-Vell! I'd been meaning to catch up on the history of Captain Marvel since the movie is coming up. 
8. PUT MAY IN CAPTAIN MARVEL 
Captain Marvel Trailer Breakdown-     & more!     
Disney Cruise Line Announces Addition of Captain Marvel to Marvel Day at Sea 
if i’m late to venom and don’t get to see the captain marvel trailer in theatres it’s on sight
The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/ikbKik7
Avengers 4, Star Wars Episode 9, Godzilla, IT Chapter 2, Toy Story 4, Captain Marvel, live action adaptations of Dumbo, The Lion King and Aladdin, Terminator 6, Jumanji 3, Hobbs & Shaw, etc.  2019 is no doubt gonna be one of the most EXPLOSIVE years in cinema history!! OMG!  
We’ll miss you too, , but your last issue was incredible, & I’ll be one of the 1st to pick up your  with  (I may have already let my son know this was happening - he loves Captain Marvel and he’s one of ’s biggest fans).
Years ago, mysterious bonding between a super hero, a human and an alien machine. Mar-Vell and the Psyche-Magnitron gave Carol Kree powers - but that's just the story you know. The truth is out there. Order Life of Captain Marvel #4:  
not me flicking my bean to the captain marvel trailer in this movie tavern
. responded perfectly to jerks who said  should smile more  
What If Captain Marvel Turns to Dust Too? Watch Perri & Jeff answer that and more on today's  -->  
In 2009, Edwin Jarvis appeared in Mighty Avengers #30 with Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) http://marvelexplorer.github.io
Those thinking otherwise are playing themselves.  Nick Fury stays doing the absolute most. I didn't see anybody else faking they own death, paging Captain Marvel and knowing what was up before up knew what was up. 
Captain Marvel Should Debate The Skrulls In The Arena of Ideas by The Guardian
HER-O   
#Marvel #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4  How about this for a curveball? Whilst Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel will be in the film, she will not take part in the battle that takes down Thanos! Why? She wasn't the first time around.
That’s my point — I’m old. I remember all those costumes. You ever tried running in a bustier and heels? It was preposterous.  And finally, Black Widow in appropriate fighting gear, and now Captain Marvel. So happy.
Not an origin story? We don't buy it.  The Captain Marvel trailer hides her complete MCU origin in plain sight - and makes it essential to the story.   
Scenes and panels from “Captain Marvel” - great and small - that have stuck in my mind all these years. The Bronze Age title was all over the place, but when it was sharp it was very memorable. From Gene Colan to Gil Kane to Jim Starlin there was great art throughout. 
Fuck Captain Marvel. I want Infinity War to end like this lol 
Stan lee: so in the next avengers we’ll bring in captain marvel to destroy thanos  Thanos: 
New Video Rumor: Avengers 4 Trailer Dropping Friday!?          
And tomorrow...  ITS CAPTMARVELNEWS 8th ANNIVERSARY      and the Carol Corps get the present!   STAY TUNED!    
Captain Marvel is gonna set records tho.
'Captain Marvel' Japanese Poster Reveals New Tagline - Heroic Hollywood (blog)  
New set photos of young Phil Coulson from the ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ reshoots have been released. (Source:  )
A true legend lost such memorable creations. I can certainly say that when that “In memory of Stan Lee” comes at the end of Captain Marvel and at the end of Infinity War part 2 I will cry a lot 
A SMILE FOR OUR 31.5 MILLION views in 72 hours - on the US Marvel Studios YouTube channel alone   
“So Captain Marvel shows up out of nowhere, Punches a old lady in the face and gets away with it, but when I punch a old lady in the face, Jameson says I’m a menace that needs to be taken down...but then again he says that all the time”
I just read that Young Theo plays Young Captain Marvel and I am PUMPED
Captain Marvel To Relaunch Before Movie Debut  
JANUARY  #1 by   
cishet male locals over at facebook are already whining abt the captain marvel movie Im scREAMING YES CRY BABY CRY HARDER
168 Days until Captain Marvel.   224 Days until Avengers 4.   287 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 
Learn more about  before it comes to theaters next year:   [via ]
people really think captain marvel is a Het? smh
Who is ur favorite  Studios  IronFist Support Champions  
crimes of grindelwald tapos captain marvel tapos avengers 4 tapos spider-man ugh hurry up pls haha
LEE PACE  [ACE Comic Con MIDWEST *Appearing SATURDAY & SUNDAY October 13 &14 2018 ]  via          
Wow! Just wow!  I saw Inhumans last night and let me tell you it might be the BEST  movie   in the MCU.   You thought that Captain Marvel   was going to save everyone?  WRONG!  Jack Black as Black Bolt was stunning.   When is Inhumans 2?  
Caption this!  
IVE SEEN A LOT OF MEN WEARING  THESE DAYS - COME ON BOYS! Look 
 : Why Nick Fury Waited to Call Captain Marvel Until 'Avengers: Infinity War' Revealed.   via 
A look at how much VFX versus makeup had to be used for 's portrayal of a younger Nick Fury in : 
Marvel writer  on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series- “Seeing a mother and daughter [Danvers] together as warriors, I was feeling like, 'this is where my power comes from; this story is about both of us." 
As in they may have had the cast and script but would not have gone forward with Captain Marvel had WW not been successful.  Just like they want to see success of Aquaman to see if Namor makes sense.
What a second! Captain Marvel isn't allowed to smile!
2019: Captain Marvel Shazam! Avengers 4 Inhumans Spiderman (Far from home) Joker Justice League Dark Justice League 2 Suicide Squad 2 The Batman The Sinister Six Wonder Woman 2 Xmen New Mutans Dark Phoenix
I guess I'll be Captain Marvel
Black widow Avengers 4 Captain Marvel  Spider-Man Far From Home X-Men Dark Phoenix  Toy Story 4 Frozen2 IT Chapter 2 GOT season finale  Sequel to WonderWoman Hellboy Suicide squad 2 Aladdin  Stranger ThingsS3  Y’all my Alevels aren’t lookin bright next year
NEEDED: A co-host for tonight's show! NEWS: , Horror Challenge & more! TRAILERS: , , , , , , and . ALSO: Hijinx ENSUE! Recording around 9 PM EST.  
Women of Marvel    
Tried on my new  cosplay for the first time this morning and it’s made me unbelievably happy. Even more hyped for the movie, now!! Can’t wait to see her on the big screen! Higher, further, faster.     
all i remember from the dream is that one of the guardians died (mantis) & captain marvel was fighting a skrull so if that happens i’m a psychic
captain marvel [2019] — just a post to say happy 29th birthday to the wonderful captain herself, ! i hope this year brings you happiness, strength, and wonder! carol is lucky to have you in her life! 
Working on a new  video posting in a little while! 
‘The Life of Captain Marvel’ #4 review: Entertaining and at times inspiring change to Carol’s origin       
I’m not really a Harvey fan either. I think you could have a Batgirl movie and have Oracle in this, but you’d have to set the Batgirl movie in the past like they’re doing with Captain Marvel. So could be the same actor, but the Batgirl film would be like a prequel to this Barbara
Marvel literally announced Captain Marvel long before Wonder Woman was out but ok sis you can stay bitter  about this for no reason 
Awww, thanks for  the  love!    
Ummm I don’t see Captain marvel or avengers 4 on that list 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/c3usrJdcLCM?a  Why Nick Fury didn't call in Captain Marvel to fight Thanos
I dreamt that I was captain marvel
Winners of the #CaptainMarvel @EW are: @rebekah_wells and @mkibling! Congrats! DM me your addresses and they’ll go out this week!!
While you're all waiting for Captain Marvel to come out, go watch AMATW to hold you over until then. It'll make you laugh, cry and every emotion in between. I promise you won't be disappointed. 
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' Prelude Comic Reveals Nick Fury's Actions Leading Up To ‘Infinity War’  
Thor,  Scarlet Witch y Captain Marvel. 
Beta Ray Greg Presents : The Life of #CaptainMarvel #4 - via @BetaRayGreghttps://wp.me/p9KVEm-52i
Carol Danvers knows.....Captain Marvel 
This t-shirt is outraged that Nick Fury spoke more words than Captain Marvel 
this looks cool but i doubt captain marvel swoops in and saves the day...it’s simply not a good story 
I'm not going to be ready for the words "In Memory of Stan Lee" during Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  He has brought in so many characters that made my childhood fun and colorful. He brought his readers joy, hope, love and inspiration. He was a real-life superhero.  Excelsior.
Also Carol’s first time donning the costume and using the name was on Avenging Spider-Man #9, which came out in 2012. Carol Captain Marvel is actually younger than the MCU’s existence. Not making excuses, but still. 
So...some people are really pissed about Captain Marvel because she doesn’t smile uh ? We’re really doing that ? AGAIN ?! 
not only will we be watching captain marvel, but we all streaming without me! 
New   ad accidentally includes sex hotline More:   
Can’t wait for captain marvel to come out and then everyone will stan jude law with me 
A new HERo will rise on International Women’s Day ‘19!  is  
Captain Marvel #34 Key Marvel Comic 1st Appearance of Nitro Last Starlin! VG!! on eBay:    
Seriously dude go away with all this false negativity and even of it was true who gives a fuck. At least Captain Marvel is bringing something fresh to the MCU and is a beacon for women of all ages. Hell she has me even more excited and I've loved her character for ages. Now... 
"Captain Marvel" is getting a new ongoing  comic series from Kelly Thompson () & :  
Trailer was too good man. Thanos ur screwed now.      
Wow, wasn't watching but just name searched him and found a vid. Very cool. Captain Marvel-esque.
Captain Marvel Will Greet Guests at Disney California Adventure in Early 2019  
CAPTAIN・AMERICA     
Breaks my heart #StanLeeForever never got to see #CaptainMarvel
"I think the character is incredibly important, maybe now more than ever," said the writer of a new Captain Marvel comic series 
Captain Marvel #31 Avengers Star and Thanos! Jim Starlin Art! VG!! on eBay:    
R.I.P LEGEND   I hope we see a Cameo in  &  
It's still unclear to me who Captain Marvel but the way  describes her, as a woman who won't stay down, a woman who persists, has me all in. 
#ColliderMovieTalk  If Avengers 4 drops a trailer this month or next, do you think we'll see another Captain Marvel trailer before 2019? And which trailer would you bet we are more likely to see next?
Ladies and gentlemen ..   
 movie will be based on the recent  comic!
So excited for #CaptainMarvel. #RalphBreaksTheInternet looks interesting. #MaryPoppinsReturn be a good #Christmas movie for my mum.
WHIZ Comics featuring Captain Marvel - Comic Book Cover Art - Trading Cards – ON SALE NOW: http://etsy.me/2fUdIRw  via @Etsy #ComicArt
Captain Marvel #1 Silver Age Marvel Comics 2nd Appearance of Carol Danvers F/VF- https://ebay.to/2S1NW0w
Check us out!  Please like, subscribe, and retweet!     
Captain Marvel #11 Horrible artwork undermines what is an otherwise interesting story as Marvel meets the mysterious Zo 
I watched the new Dark Phoenix trailer and I have to say I'm not really excited about it. It's a mesh for me. I'm more excited for Captain Marvel
ICYMI: Captain Marvel meet and greet coming to  in 2019. Did you know all Disney movies debut on the ship the same day they hit theaters?  
So we've just been informed that one of our zine artists,  just finished her debut drawing the Life of Captain Marvel #4 feel free to go congratulate and thank her for all her hard work!!! You can also buy the comic for $3.99 here!! 
With the skrulls so called being "misunderstood" in captain marvel. I'd like a scene of this showing the kree sentry's attacking their homeworld 
Was wearing Captain Marvel hoodie in the gym :D 
i will for sure miss you so much as the cameo in more Marvel movies. I wish I still can at least see you in Captain Marvel, Avenger 4, and Spiderman: Far From Home next year. Rest In Peace @TheRealStanLee you will always be remembered  #RIPStanLee
captain marvel can and should kick my ass into space where i will die in the sun’s flames
Weird way to spell Black Panther, Captain Marvel, or Spider-Man 
My wife is amazing! Look at this Captain Marvel costume she made for our daughter. 
Just ordered myself some new socks for superhero stuff  https://www.superherostuff.com/captain-marvel/socks/captain-marvel-avenger-activated-athletic-socks.html?itemcd=sockcmrvavengract …
I FOUND THE INFINITY GAUNTLET. I just couldn't snap my fingers. The universe will remain in tact, for now.              
"We will be the stars we were always meant to be."  
 release date, cast, powers, trailer, poster, and everything else you need to know  
All I want is to see Captain Marvel meet the Avengers in the trailer and see if Avengers 4 will move up to April 26th and get that new date in the trailer like Overlord got a new date of November 9th in it’s debut trailer.
Captain Marvel Carol Danvers Cosplay Costume 
Only 4 more months to #CaptainMarvel!
#UnpopularOpinion but i was more hyped for Venom than Captain Marvel.
Mary Marvel also had an anniversary this month, her 76th anniversary of when she made her debut in Captain Marvel Adventures #18.  I'm gonna celebrate it by posting 's Marvel-ous illustrations of her!
Which trailer was the best overall released recently? Or name one not listed! #tocmovies #XMenDarkPhoenix #DARKPHOENIX #CaptainMarvel #Creed2⁠ ⁠ #CREEDII⁠ ⁠ #Bumblebee #marvel #movietrailer #Transformers #xmen
Most anticipated movies for 2019? — Don't have a list but to name a few Avengers 4, captain marvel, toy story 4, Love live sunshine o... https://curiouscat.me/SKOT/post/676865405?1539476954 …
This years  featured  the man who made the  the hero’s you love today. Posing with cosplayers of   
HIGHER FURTHER FASTER  
New Captain Marvel tribute pieces to bring to  Three versions. Classic costume on blue. Classic on Orange and a variant in her helmeted green Kree warrior uniform.    Booth1355
Looking forward to the  movie upcoming. Decided to do this sketch. 
#marvelnycc Don't worry @lorrainecink haha your Captain Marvel speech was strong #CitizenWatch
Listen, I get the rational behind The Life Of Captain Marvel's retconning away "Got Mar-Vell's Powers From Freak Accident" to make Carol more stand-alone and empowering...  But the added fold of "You Were Always Genetically Superior" reeks of White Feminism... #FizzVsComics
Bought the cutest  pin!  I love it! Thank you to ! Sadly, I couldn’t find a twitter but you can find them on Instagram!
Captain Marvel looks fantastic and I'm glad the character is played by a woman.
Carol's night off  
I guess we got to talk about this trailer for Marvel’s latest HER-O, @captainmarvel. I can’t say I’m super happy with their choice of marketing theme. https://youtu.be/f61dUhHSNrc
  He was a man more MARVELous than Captain Marvel More AMAZING than Spiderman More Fantastic than the Four More INCREDIBLE than the Hulk He brought everyone's AMAZING FANTASIES to life A GURADIAN OF THE GALAXY  CAPTAIN of AMERICAN comics We will miss u EXCELSIOR!! 
Your (semi) daily Cap cover...Captain Marvel #66 (October 1946), cover by CC Beck. Captain Marvel Battles the Dread Atomic War! 
Every Easter Egg and Hidden Reference we found in the brand new trailer for  
Avengers: Venom Bomb. Having to deal with all of Manhattan being overcome by Symbiotes featuring  Avengers -Spider-Man -Captain Marvel -Captain America  -Black Panther -Falcon -Ant-Man  -Wasp Symbiotes -Venom(Eddie Brock) -Carnage (Cletus Cassiday) -Scream -Agony -Riot -Toxin 
should i read captain marvel before ms. marvel or can i just jump right in bc i wanna see ms. kamala khan, miles morales, and sam alexander asap
This is our beautiful hero Captain Marvel.    deserves our respect.
Today, save 40% OFF all back issues at all three Midtown Comics locations! Pick up the coolest comics with great characters like Daredevil, Iron Fist, Captain Marvel, Venom, and more! Find more info:  
I'm all about girls seeing female superheroes like Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel, but idk ... Joey Potter, Mary Camden, Lucy Camden, Lorelai Gilmore, Rory Gilmore, Buffy Summers, Summer Roberts, Haley James, Brooke Davis, Peyton Sawyer and Felicity Porter got the job done, too.
This week we have a bit of backstory (maybe?) for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie - the Kree-Skrull War! There's a lot going on here, so come listen to us break it down!        …
Theory: The reason Carol acts the way she does in the Captain Marvel trailer is because the Kree brainwashed her and stripped her of her humanity. Her arc across the movie will be saving Earth from a Skrull invasion and regaining her humanity in the process.
A single issue, Avengers #200, had led to feminist analysis that helped effect change in Marvel continuity.  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/wcNvMW4s9a8?a  Android 18 VS Captain Marvel (Dragon Ball VS Marvel Comics) | DEATH BATTLE!
Basement Talk!: I guess I joined Marvel Unlimited 6 years ago? They have thanked me by sending me Rocket With a Moving Jaw, Captain Marvel With an Extra Head, Robert Downey Stark, Rescue (?), Venom Punisher I Guess? and Ultron Who Was Chewed on By My Wife’s Hated Dog 
Carol Danvers for Halloween! Can't wait to see  kick ass next year!!!  
2nd only to   
 is getting a very interesting temporary costume in the comics! - 
The wedding and honeymoon are over. He’s back: @causy84   Can the return of our fearless leader, the man mountain, captain marvel inspire the boys to turn around our recent run of poor results. We’ll find out tomorrow.....
Wow.  has a 7 picture deal? I imagine that includes future  films.
On page 60 of 136 of Captain Marvel, Volume 2, by Kelly Sue DeConnick 
Wow.. EXACT ONE YEAR AGO, I had my  tattoo done! Was so lucky to have Mr  finishing his artwork for me. Who knew that EXACTLY ONE YEAR LATER, I’d be witnessing both ’s  trailer and ’s Life of Captain Marvel comic successes! 
Rey Will Be As Powerful As Captain Marvel But With Much Less Makeup, According To Episode IX Writer Chris “Boom Boom” Terrio
 fan-art sketch. Yeah I'm late for the hype but idc 
 Day 6: Captain Marvel.  Es 2018 Es2018  marvel      18   day6   l  
Seriously, can’t thank you enough for where you’re leaving Carol - Margie - Life of Captain Marvel is a BEAUTIFUL story.
rey and captain marvel!!!  
thanos doesn't feel so good :)  
 Hey Cap, meet my Chewie.   
my favorite event from this captain marvel trailer is the locals being butthurt over carol punching an old lady
Coulson’s weird trailer look is on  Thor should be jealous     
Yes...and I’m sure you would have calmly taken him out as if you’re Captain Marvel yourself  it’s not like the cop who was riddled with bullets had any training or anything
He already recorded his cameos probably for Infinity War pt 2, Captain Marvel, and Spider-Man far from home so this isn't even true 
This is what  does...they lock them in for a long while. Makes it harder to get some performers, but it does help with continuity!!!   
the life of captain marvel #3 [2018] —precious!!  new issue is available now! 
Congrats and happy birthday, your art is so good
i literally despise when people say this, not because i think that captain marvel should kill him, but because i think it's absolutely ridiculous how people think that is an option. like why can't be be excited for cm without being like IF THIS BITCH KILLS THANOS
I wasn't sure if I would enjoy being Captain marvel or not, but I really love wearing this costume. If you wanna see how I made it, there's a tutorial over at @costumesupercenter! |  -  |     …  
Check out my comic book show where I review  #57, Life of  #4,  #51, Strangers in Paradise #7, The Unstoppable Wasp #1,  #14, Exorsisters #1, Sideways #9,  Weapon Hex #1 and More  
#ICYMI our latest #podcast. Topics include  #CaptainMarvel, #IronFist, #AmericanVandal and more.  Listen: http://pos.li/2ag0it  #Spotify: https://pos.li/2ag0iq  #Soundcloud: http://pos.li/2ag0iu  #Iheartradio:  https://pos.li/2agbug  #PodernFamily @willmpolk @sjbelmont
Are you ready for them?   
Caryn Waetcher - Captain Marvel 2 Justin Lin - X-Men and Thunderbolts Paul King - Fantastic Four Will Gluck - Power Pack Rick Famuyiwa - Champions Niljla Mu’min or Haifaa Al Mansour - Ms Marvel 
#ICYMI - Trailer Reactions | Captain Marvel – Mary Poppins Returns – Ralph Breaks The Internet https://buff.ly/2QePmUI
Look what arrived.              
absolutely reeling from the fact that I just saw someone saying xmen fans shouldn’t like captain marvel because she goes against what the xmen stand for or some BULL
ROBBO!  Cultured footballer Aggressive tackler Born Winner Leader on the pitch Total Midfielder Top Striker Sweeper (Anfield Boxing Day)  Hard as fucking nuts, afraid of nobody..  Led INGERLUND to TWO, yes TWO World Cups..  #CaptainMarvel as Sir Bobby Robson called him..
Lee Pace at Avengers Panel Interview  with Chris Evans and  Karen Gillan in Chicago, October 13 th  2018  source :     Chicago     
Thanos better watch himself, Captain Marvel is coming, and  she's hard AF 
Why are some of you saying you’re bored and we need new content. We just got a captain marvel trailer?? We’re getting pics from the ffh set?? We got the daredevil season 3 promo?? We found out about Loki getting a tv show??   What more do you people want.
Captain Marvel is going to burst onto the scene and #DESTROY Thanos!! With false rape allegations.
The news program just called Captain Marvel "Captain Woman". 
Love your work.
More   promo art!
Congrats on landing the role of Captain Marvel! Can you get me some cast autographs? (I remember when you had those exact bangs.)
Or more specifically ! :)   Coulson’s return is definitely confirmed in Captain Marvel. Would be nice to see AoS folks in A4 as well.  Nick Fury + Maria Hill, at the end of Avengers 2, could have brought a few AoS friends with them. Missed opportunity! 
   cancels !  bringing  to TV!    news!   Plus, a  of the  pilot on the  and more!    approved!http://traffic.libsyn.com/jockandnerd/JAN244.mp3?dest-id=322317 …
2019: female furies, ronin island, sabrina, captain marvel
#CaptainMarvel How long until the premier of the #Shazam movie?  I created a handy-dandy count-down timer that lets you know!  http://ow.ly/QzeJ30msEFU
The amount of people who earnestly believe Captain Marvel legit socked an old woman are a reminder that we need a new plague.
Fresh Restart Week 29 Previews: Uncanny X-Men #1, Ironheart #1, Infinity Wars Infinity Warps #1, Black Order #1, Captain Marvel Prelude #1, Vault Of Spiders #2, Unstoppable Wasp #2, Fantastic Four #3, The Avengers #10, Captain… 
Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Spiderman far from home 
#CaptainMarvel Trailer Released in between the days gap of 171..  #Avengers4 170 Days More.. Still waiting for trailer
RIP. The king of Superheros. Thanks for your great service. World never forget you. You are always my hero. The real hero.    
I’m bringing something for every budget to @bigadventurefest                 …  
Me in the theatre watching Captain Marvel during the Stan Lee cameo and when the credits start with "In memory of Stan Lee" 
Captain Marvel players be like..  
this theater is playing the captain marvel trailer
What do you think of the leaked files so I think its captain marvel 
Captain Marvel Was Nick Fury's Avengers Plan B All Along  
Join the  TODAY!   by: 
SEE? I WASN'T THE ONLY ONE THAT THINK CHARLIZE THERON COULD PLAY CAPTAIN MARVEL 
about 10 irl friends, some cousins and other family, and my dad, have messaged me excitedly about captain marvel. they know who to come to . carol herself appointed me. i accept this responsibility 
215 days until avengers 4 159 days until Captain Marvel     
Captain Marvel vs. Black Adam in The Power of Shazam! graphic novel.  
remember how captain marvel cgi green baby teddy?
Hi I need Fanart of Captain Marvel and Lara Croft arm wrestling don't judge thanks.
"I'm not what you think I am"      
remember when the only thing stan twitter yelled constantly about was the captain marvel trailer
My workout inspiration today   
We're absolutely in love with this  piece from ! Hey , you need to get this guy drawing Carol for you ASAP!!
Who’s your favorite avenger in the comics and then in the movie portrayal? /   s         
What if CaptainMarvel Died in the Snap?!  #MidNightThoughts
higher. further. faster.   
I have a feeling that Captain Marvel will end up being a way cooler and better character in Avengers 4 than in her own solo. It just seems that way for some reason. That's how I felt about Dr Strange. He was meh in his own film but GREAT in Infinity War imo.
Avengers Infinity War 2 considering Captain Marvel will be the main muscle facing Thanos. Not to mention that after that it will be a slippery slope however in the MCU it will be a harder fall since the Superheroe movies trend is passing, meaning they will lose a lot of audience.
If Marvel don't fully milk that sweet 90's nostalgia and release #CaptainMarvel on video, it'll be an opportunity missed.
We got a  costume for my daughter for Halloween, but being zipped up in it made her panic. She didn't wear it.  This morning, 2 weeks later, she wanted to put it on. She took it further.  With a messy bed head, she put it on along w/ a Rainbow Dash mask & Batarang 
Captain Marvel & Black Adam by BlondTheColorist. 
No other  hero really smiles in their trailers so stop telling  to "smile more".  deserves better. 
This will be me when that “RIP Stan Lee” at the end of Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 pops up. 
'Captain Marvel' Legends Figures From Hasbro Have Officially Launched 
Captain Marvel  is reminding you to go Mar-vote!!!
I’m almost positive Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 are done filming so we haven’t seen the last of him yet!
Favorite strength feat of Captain Marvel/Shazam? — Currently it's the time he beat up a monster who had just absorbed the powers of Superman, elongated man, aquaman and m… https://curiouscat.me/TalkingShazam/post/696404823?t=1541288907 …
OF COURSE ILYSM JUST DONT FORGET TO COME BACK WHEN THOR AND CAPTAIN MARVEL DEFEAT THANOS SHLJHK 
You just want a date with Taylor. We all do. Just because my accent is awesome doesn't mean you should believe everything I say.  Also I'm really not into horror movies, when is Captain Marvel released?
hi sometimes i think about captain marvel and i astral project for a little bit
Captain Marvel's mom is played by Annette Bening.  So... why haven't we seen her? Possible SPOILERS ahead.    
Happy Halloween  I’m  Officer    
Avengers #10, Black Order #1, Captain Marvel Prelude #1, Fantastic Four #3, Infinity Warps #1, Thor #7, Uncanny X-Men #1 + Vault of Spiders #2. 
ok the trailer for  came out 3 weeks ago and I haven’t stopped thinking about this part 
New Captain Marvel trailer is out.  https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
the a4 title will be : Avengers: Captain Marvel kicking thanos' ass
not avengers 4? or lion king. cause those are being paid (also captain marvel bc my friend and i have to watch mcu films together)
I’m gonna cry so hard when I see the cameos of Stan in Captain Marvel and avengers 4 movies shsjebsvdk
CAPTAIN MARVEL AND AVENGERS 4 too????? Like excuse you but your list is incomplete. 
Captain Marvel believes in you (I just like drawing my faves giving me encouragements ) 
There's a reason why #CaptainMarvel will be release in the International Women's Day. It is a very powerful movie that everyone IS A MUST WATCH.
Our next Jewish creator, Carl Burgos. A writer & artist, most know for creating the original Human Torch. He created a number of other heroes for Timely/Marvel, such as the Thunderer, & for other publishers. In 1966, he created another short lived new hero named “Captain Marvel.” 
Stan made such a difference in the world. It'll be bittersweet seeing his cameos on Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. RIP, Stan. :(
Captain Marvel: Cast Gathers For Planned Reshoots In New Set Photos   https://lrmonline.com/?p=122460 pic.twitter.com/01K2aFDHsV
2019 we are getting season 4, captain marvel, avengers 4, Spider-Man and some of us are going to be meeting the Lucifer cast
A4 trailer give me a clip of Captain Marvel kicking thanos in the head, thank you
Captain Marvel  by .doctor .    cosplay   
IF YOURE EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL MAKE SOME NOOOOISEEEEEEE 
I'd say Captain Marvel's rape was worse but this comes really close 
The next three         – at 
Ranking the Shazam/Captain Marvel (Billy) suits: Eaglesham design Pre-52 Movie New 52
Captain Marvel needs to complete the non-traditional “___ will return” stingers 
brb, crying real quick over that part in the Captain Marvel trailer where all of the hers keep standing back up again, I'm good, brb, brb
You know you are AoS trash when you are more excited to see Coulson in Captain Marvel than Captain Marvel....
I'm still behind on , and while I likely won't catch up, I'm going to keep working to the end and see how far I get :)  To that end, here's #9 - Captain Marvel.  Some of the lines I'm not happy about, but overall I like this one :) 
"Captain Marvel needs to SMILE. She lacks CHARISMA." Are we gonna ignore what happened the last time we forced a character to smile? 
I'm being called back to the 90s by  so feeling the Captain Marvel vibes. https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo65-uFjAaj/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=idulwd52aan6 …
Still waiting for that!          4             
i only stan crisp vegans! i love his work as captain marvel!!!
what’s your favorite marvel movie — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/marvelame/post/665433308?1538350865 …
AHHHH!!! I am SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE. Captain Marvel is by far a fav. Check out my reaction to the new... http://youtu.be/SbkdnE7iOnw?a
. IS Captain Marvel! 
Captain Marvel meet and greet coming to Disney Cruise Line in 2019. Did you know all Disney movies debut on the cruise line the same day they hit theaters?  
captain marvel:           a drawing evolution
Star Wars IX, X-Men Dark Phoenix, Shazam, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Spiderman: Far from Home are all set to be released next year   hay tagal mag-2019
124 days until Captain Marvel  180 days until Avengers 4  243 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, How You Feeling? 
I’m unimpressed by the dark Phoenix and captain marvel
What's the last movie Stan Lee cameod in before his death? Captain Marvel? Avengers 4? Guess we'll find out soon
Order for marvel movie trailers Avengers 4 #1 trailer (nov) Spiderman ffh #1 trailer (dec) Captain marvel #2 trailer  Avengers 4 #2 trailer  Spiderman ffh #2 trailer
Carol Danvers and Jessica Drew go to a Halloween party. Carol, being a Star Wars geek dresses something Star Wars... and makes Jessica do the same. What do they go as?  #CaptainMarvel #SpiderWoman
If you're watching the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer and thinking, "A woman! On screen! As a hero! My f'ing head is exploding!" ... pop over to my house and I'll lend you my ALIENS Blu-Ray. Your head will ACTUALLY explode.
I didn’t get this alert everyone is freaking out over. But I do like my new  lock screen. 
Leaked photo of Maria Hill in Captain Marvel 
other captain marvel... she stole my name  
So, after , there will be  Scarlet Witch Captain Marvel Falcon Vision War Machine Black Panther   in the roster.  Think they'll add any others? 
 Day 6 : fashion        What Makes 「HER」 a 「HERo」  Ann cosplays as Captain Marvel ︽✵︽  
Today I am THE Agent of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division: Phillip J. Coulson!  The takeaway of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for me is that Agent Coulson is S.H.I.E.L.D. Can’t wait to see  back in action as Coulson in Captain Marvel! 
watching again, thor:the dark world (because of the geek war), then i see captain marvel logo on maliketh armour.. .  maliketh is a kree? yeah, maybe he look like one..
Will #CaptainMarvel be getting a doll? My daughter loves her, as well.
 to have four posthumous cameos including  and  
With the Skrulls being introduced in Captain Marvel soon & rumors of Clint Barton making a return, it sounds like Avengers 4 might see more mysterious character reveals than a Scooby-Doo cartoon!
 TAKING OVER FEBRUARY! A LOT OF VARIANTS FEATURING OUR HERo! As  says in the Solicits - “DONT MISS THE STRONGEST AND MIGHTIEST HERO OF ALL”
Spider-Man , Winter Soldier, Dr. Strange and Captain Marvel ! The  will reunite and send Thanos to hell and we can eat the victory shawarma!        
The kid geek in me would love to see Binary in  maybe as a repressed memory  
Some guy made a stupid tweet suggesting that Captain Marvel should smile more, and apparently that’s all it takes to write an entire article designed to sum up Comicsgate as a hate campaign.  
 Carol at Target!  
Looks like I’m gonna be going to the store to get the first  prelude comic today
"Captain Marvel's Origin Story Gets Retconned in New Life of Captain Marvel Series"  via 
LEGENDARY! NOTHING BUT RESPECT FOR MY CAPTAIN MARVEL! 
But here's a question which I have. If there's really 5 years between IW and A4, then where has Captain Marvel been that whole time? Surely it won't take her 5 years to answer her pager. Will we get a proper explanation for this in Captain Marvel/A4 because it's really bugging me
ALSO i’m so annoyed with all the mcu twitter drama when captain marvel comes out can we all just not fight and support the movie PLEASE! let’s be nice 
Is this the closest we'll get to Captain Marvel and Loki meeting skkeke 
AAA TOMORROW!  Before CAROL DANVERS takes flight in 2019, immerse yourself in this all-new adventure! Spinning out of the mysterious events of Avengers: Infinity War, NICK FURY and MARIA HILL set off on lifeordeath missions that lead directly to the appearance of ! 
In Captain Marvel Jr #36 Freddy had a pet monkey named Jeep 
The last cameo of Stan Lee we'll see is in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  and it's gonna pinch my heart each time.
Halmerend 5 - 0 Gardeners FC  Did someone say top of the table clash? Who’d of thought it!  A cagey first half but goals from   and a hat trick from captain marvel  sealed an emphatic statement  MOTM:    Special thanks to big Kev
It’s just another !   
Jude Law and  in Captain Marvel (2019)   Waiting to watch this movie..!        
It's hard to tell what's gonna be good these days. This of course has a lot of potential but you never can quite tell. Life is like a box of chocolates. I'm excited for this though         
‘Captain Marvel’: Jude Law On The Secrecy Surrounding His Role   
tell people it's for the Captain Marvel movie XD XD
 no war, no hunger, no poverty, no illness. Only love and respect for life.  
Ladies and Gentlemen, Captain Marvel (aka Shazam)... 
 Meets  in Inspiring Fan Art  
if this is not captain marvel second post credit WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT 
Captain Marvel 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/6zBha3D-HQk?a  "Captain Marvel Memes" - Mildly Amusing But Super Funny. Marvel & DC
“The Life of ” #5 variant cover by !
The new Skrull figure from Captain Marvel is on sale at  eBay store!https://www.ebay.com/itm/Lego-Super-Heroes-Captain-Marvel-Skrull-76127-Marvel-Avengers-Minifigure/253979546589?hash=item3b225c53dd:g:b6wAAOSwzThb61bf:rk:1:pf:0 …
A flawless new art piece by . Two bad ass powerful woman fighting side by side. Let’s remember this whenever people try to put Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel against each other.  
Did I already talk my girlfriend into cosplaying MCU Captain Marvel?  Yes. Am I using it as another reason to cosplay Captain America? Yes. Am I excited to cosplay the Captains of the MCU together? Heck yes.
this whole narrative about people saying carol should have smiled in captain marvel trailer reminds me so much of all  men who catcall me and tell me to smile it's disgusting
dragon ball, avengers 4 and the captain marvel movie  
Captain Marvel can sing!
If Stan Lee doesn’t have a cameo in Spider-Man or Captain Marvel I’ll cry
Everything we know about Captain Marvel and its Avengers: Infinity War connections   
Sometimes I think about that glorious day last week when I sent a thousand men on Twitter into a rage spiral by convincing them Captain Marvel is a lesbian with one single headline.
That’s it!  views on ’s YouTube channel officially passed Black Panther’s!  It’s now on the top 10 of the most viewed of their ENTIRE — ENTIRE— catalog!
We'll at least get to see him in    Gone but never forgotten.
people already hating on captain marvel when it hasn’t even come out yet. the audacity 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/RoXbGfTvgvo?a  captain marvel || sweet dreams
I know I’m gonna break down when I go see Captain Marvel or Avengers 4 and they put up the “In memory of Stan Lee” graphic. It’s gonna be ugly. 
New look at CAPTAIN MARVEL  
 composer breaks superhero glass ceiling as scoring diversity lags 
Stan Lee to make final appearance onscreen in Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 - 
       
The real reason the  failed to stop Thanos is revealed in the new  comic:   
A wonderful mutual that I am so glad to know!!! I can't wait to see you fangirl over Captain Marvel next year! 
YOU SO CUTE OMG WOOOOOW
More  in today’s Avengers 700! Is Darkstar the new Moonstone to Carol?  
Amazing artwork of Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel 
Fun time today cosplaying as Captain Marvel! 
The latest episode of  is live!  There's never a dull moment hanging with ! We got to talk about what she's been playing, Captain Marvel expectations, Telltale's closure, and SO MUCH MORE. :)  Watch it here:  
DAY 3: ROASTED Carol Danvers as Binary  2018   
In this #MarvelRising: Secret Warriors featurette, @KimRaver takes us behind-the-scenes and answers the question – Who is #CaptainMarvel? https://wp.me/p4m6Fi-bcI
VIDEO. ¡Mira el primer tráiler oficial de Captain Marvel!  
Patiently waiting for more 'Captain Marvel' footage... 
Please RT. It's a  style 11x17 print of  & the  including ! Available for $20 at  Artist Alley table B11. https://www.etsy.com/listing/547604414/the-marvel-family?ref=shop_home_active_12 … #NYCC
The Personal History of David Copperfield is released the same year as Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Stranger Things 3, The Lion King, Frozen 2, Detective Pikachu and the movie where Will Smith is a pigeon for 2 thirds of the running time.
Adventures Of Captain Marvel [New Blu-ray]   - Ebay
Add Avengers 4, Captain Marvel and GOT final season 
 Movie on the Japanese website- “This is before the Avengers were formed. A mysterious woman descending from the skies into a video shop in LA. She was always bothered by flashbacks of memories she did not remember and she’s aiming for the secrets hidden in there..” 
Day 1;   This is Viv. Viv is the Station Manager in our control room   Despite being a , if Viv could be a  she would be .  This week for every tweet containing; ,  will donate £1 to 
I just realized something from the new smash direct. Kirby is now basically captain marvel since everyone else had the thanos treatment.
THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE MY MOVIE TONIGHT AND I REALLY WASNT READY FOR HER POWER 
This week we discuss the fact that  is getting a new origin in the  and how this might tie to the movie. Click here to learn more:  please retweet  
natalia as captain marvel 
✧》fav characters   thor starlord falcon  bucky  captain marvel  nebula
 Hey , how about  for the role of Monica Rambeau in CM2? She's incredible and would be perfect for the role 
CAPTAIN MARVEL (2019) Dir: Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck 
If we're being EXTREMELY generous — the trailer doesn't really introduce the Skrulls and the fact that they're shape-shifters. If this is your first intro to Captain Marvel, you're gonna miss that.  But c'mon, buddy. You write for a major publication. Google is your friend.
This was at the end of the  prelude comic... the first  trailer has to come out before its first prelude comic... right?
https://youtu.be/moY78qMJuxM  YAAAASSSSS!!!!! I want to see this  #Marvel #CaptainMarvel
It's   Buy  Bunrako Part 1 (digital only) great start to the series. Buy  The Phantom Limb part 2 (digital only) scary cool Avoid  prelude even with Nick Fury & Maria Hill it tells nothing you haven't seen in the movies 
I can't wait for captain marvel to drop, & avengers 4, & Spiderman, basically the whole phase 4 of the mcu
I think WB definitely knows somethings up with the new Captain Marvel movie. Maybe they think it’s not gonna be as big of a hit as some people believe its going to be. And to make it more embarrassing for Marvel, WB moves WW out of the way so Marvel can’t use her as an excuse.
Captain Marvel film in development years before Wonder Woman was being written >>>  Wonder Woman came out first >>>  I'm not gonna argue with someone who doesn't understand what was in development vs what came first. 
Beautiful moments with   and Chris Evans at  in Chicago               
Earth’s Mightiest Hero!          
New study reveals young female fans feel more confident when they see onscreen heroes who look like them. Bring on more Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and female Time Lords! Female hashtag  help young girls with self-esteem. 
This is brilliant. The perfect response to the idiocy of "fixing" the Captain Marvel trailer. 
THE  OFFICIAL TRAILER HAS DROPPED AND MY REACTION ... IS NOW LIVE!!   is going to absolutely change the  game and I am HERE FOR IT!  got me shook with this trailer!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUxaEaJesTM …
dreamed about the plot ng Captain Marvel lol
The question to Lee was “Which enemy do you prefer, Thranduil or Ronan?”   Lee said he can’t choose a favorite.        
Newly released full-resolution concept art of Captain Marvel   (via )
‘Captain Marvel Prelude’ Shows Nick Fury Tried To Reunite The Avengers  
Damn. My girlfriend is gorgeous.  
 reimagines the iconic  comic cover with  image as    
Dude i was so hyped about Captain Marvel and i had like 3 dreams of the movie smh..
Future  movies should center on its younger and more diverse cast of heroes including Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Shuri and Ms. Marvel. 
— captain marvel; black phanter; loki ; star lord ;rt and i'll dm it to you {comment 1, 2, 3 or 4} mbf!! /bel 
You know Stan Lee is going to show up in both Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 and it's going to be a moment.
The Week in Movie News: James Bond Found a New Director, First 'Captain Marvel' Trailer Arrived and More - 
I agree, Captain Marvel needs to smile more, so she fits in with the rest of the universe 
Captain marvel training  
OMMMGGGG this issue changes everything and I am SHOOKETH  best birthday week e v e r.  
  The moment in the trailer you get chills... 
. as  is EVERYTHING:   
TAG YOURSELF, THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER CANE OUT DURING HALLOWEEN AND I LITERALLY SCREAMED “its her!” AND STARTED CLAPPING AND AS SHE WAS GOING FULL POWER, I WAS CLAPPING AND CHEERING WHILE CRYING AND SOME OTHER PEOPLE JOINED IN JSJSJ IM CRYING 
I kinda decided to draw Captain Marvel defeating a monster.  for practice proportion, effects, and shading too ( ´ㅁ` ;)    
THE TALENT JUMPED OUT ALSO IM GAY WHY U ALWAYS SO CUTE
Those fat Captain Marvel episodes aren't nearly as good as the episodes with Jackson Bostwick as our hero, but when Isis was on the show it definitely went up a notch in my book...  
Well Stan just shows up for one day to make his cameo then leaves, so if I had to guess, he filmed his cameo for Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Far from Home, maybe Once Upon a Deadpool and maybe Dark Phoenix (last two are maybes, MCU stuff is likely a defiant)
There was a tweet about Captain Marvel and the number of words she spoke compared to Sam Jackson.   I'm not quoting it here because I'm not piling onto the writer, but I disagreed with the premise of the tweet.   I think Ashley makes a good point below. That was my first thought. 
JUST ANNOUNCED-  will be joining Black Panther and the Dora Milaje, Spider-Man and Captain America at Disney California Adventure in early 2019! 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/PzqdQpXAyKg?a  Captain Marvel - Animated Trailer
I saw First Man in IMAX last night (it’s fantastic btw), but beforehand they showed the Captain Marvel trailer. It looks & sounds so great in .   129 Days To Go 
#WhyILove Captain Marvel/Shazam is because despite all the stuff that as ever happened to him, he keeps his optimism. he also has cool, interesting powers. instead of the standard set most of the "Flying Brick" Hero Variety have.
⠀Captain marvel inspired  ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ︽✵︽  (Ft. My ugly eyebrows I tried to blur) 
Captain Marvel is a 'Different Type of Origin Story,' Says Kevin Feige  
hi i’m a new marvel fan acc! rt of fav this tweet if luv:   - tom hardy - tom holland - robert downey jr. - spider-man - venom - iron man - loki - thor - captain marvel  - captain america  -agents of shield - mcu   ( please follow back!! ♡ )
we goin the life of captain marvel!
"We will be the stars we were always meant to be."    
I will lol for days if it ends up doing better than Captain Marvel
Our very own 'Captain Marvel' of Telugu Cinema,  gaaru absolutely rocked our   
In anticipation of  I was wondering if   have ever heard of the 1986 British Rail safety superhero Captain Caution?
He should be in Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, and Spider-Man: Far From Home
Why Nick Fury Waited to Contact Captain Marvel in Infinity War      
Yep...also funny.  
Kevin Feige Talks About Captain Marvel and The Eternals 
Captain Marvel Marvel Universe Series Hasbro        
Freak my life. WB why??? Why WB rolling with Marvel's Captain Marvel BS. SMH.....
If you're intrigued by the Captain Marvel teaser, watch the first time Samuel L. Jackson helped an amnesiac woman piece her badass past together in the utterly terrific The Long Kiss Goodnight.
i'm at this point when I can wait for captain marvel, for avengers 4 and spiderman ffh, i just want and need venom 2 right now
 is joining the ranks on the  Line for  sailings in 2019!   
Looking forward for some of Disney’s movies      and 
Get those autograph books ready! Captain Marvel's heading to Disney's California Adventure Park next year.   
my mom : you really need to save your money  me : oh yeah :))))) totally :)))) it's not like i just bought a 45€ captain marvel hoodie :))))))))
i'm still looking for mutuals so rt and follow me if u guys stan: - Captain America - Iron Man - Hulk -Hawkeye - Thor - Loki - Doctor Strange - Spiderman - Ant Man - Bucky - Guardians of the Galaxy - Scarlet Witch - Black Widow - Black Panther - Captain Marvel  love u all
Shelves of random junk.             
Why is there a random cat walking out of frame on the left side of the  poster? 
Remember when we were getting Captain Marvel and A4 content like 2 months ago? Good times
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/LlU9c-L0ECY?a  Captain Marvel Trailer BREAKDOWN
So what exactly are 's superpowers?  
This controversial punch in Captain Marvel makes sense when you see that in the movie Michael Moore takes on disguises and Captain Marvel gains power to make America more marvelous every time she discerns Moore’s disguise and whacks him! 
If you like purses, there's no excuse for not considering this!  
You thought we were done talking about ? Nah... So much to discuss tonight on an all-new @HyperHeroesShow. The tingle jingles begin at 9:30 pm PT on    
"Captain Marvel" trailer sets Disney up for another 1-2 punch https://bloom.bg/2xA1dFV
I’m not a fan of this insult but i think the new x-men costumes look more like a bad cw costume than the captain marvel ones ever did. 
Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Weird Trailer | FUNNY SPOOF PARODY by Aldo Jones
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/TWe_-rFTTAo?a  Thanos Vs Captain Marvel (Binary) | Full Fight | No Infinity Gauntlet | Ms Marvel |
Aaand we're live at  !! Right next to the deafeningly loud Captain Marvel display which has a 30 sec movie clip on infinite repeat please come support indie comics & authors before Walt Disney & Co consumes the entire universe and destroys my brain!!! 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/p8dMjC-Wm8Y?a  Avatar: The Last Airbender News, Captain Marvel, Mario Kart Mushroom, Sesame Street
I needed this W so much. I can’t wait for s6 and am really looking forward to seeing Son of Coul in Captain Marvel.  
I saw some dude use an app to make Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel smile more, so I thought I’d do the same with the male Marvel superheroes.   I think we can all agree that this is a totally normal, non-creepy thing to do. 
Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos’ Infinity War Snap 
I love this fanmade poster for .      
Wait so Disney has Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Avengers 4, Aladdin, Lion King, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2 and Star Wars Episode 9 all next year? Dear God they might cross 10 billion in those alone
Movie 2019  •TOY STORY 4 •CHILD PLAY •DUMBO •DETECTIVE POKAMON PIKACHU •WONDER PARK •AVENGERS 4 •ANNABELLE 3:NIGHTMARE AT THE MUSEUM •THE CURSE OF LA LLORONA •HAPPY DEATH DAY 2U •CAPTAIN MARVEL •SHAZAM! •PET SEMATARY •ALLADIN •GODZILLA KIG OF THE MONSTER
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — miss america, silk, batgirl, lady rawhide, captain marvel, storm, COMIC scarlet witch, idk and many more i love girls https://curiouscat.me/thetigermoth/post/694282309?1541033388 …
Quite a bit about Spidey: Far From Home out there.. Funny it's the furthest away and we've seen more of it than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4
what are yall most psyched for? captain marvel, playstation mini, cosby goin to jail, or jojo part 5 anime
"Hulk vs Thanos" The Rematch That We All Want... • • • • • Credit Me If Share (Full Brightness Required) ______________________  4    vshulk        
Captain Marvel (Movie - 2019) STREAMING Watch Now Here :   Genre : Adventure, Science Fiction, Action Studio : Marvel Studios     
Life of Captain Marvel #4: Secrets are revealed, the plot possibilities collapse, and though the story satisfies, we're disheartened by the missed opportunities. Our review:  
Two "super"  Resort announcements!  1) A detailed first look at that Spider-Man Attraction in DCA coming in 2020 2)  will be meeting in the park starting early 2019! 
Imagine captain marvel fisting you
Stan Lee cameos already filmed:  Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, (likely) X-Men Dark Phoenix, and (I'm hearing) Spider-Man Far From Home.  Film Twitter, do we know if there are any more?
Can  &  Overcome Their Similarities to Succeed?  
She's going to be in the first arc of Captain Marvel for sure, which is awesome. The question should be, what are the plans for her beyond that? Bc if they don't have any ideas, I have several. #SpiderWoman
Dudebros are made at Captain Marvel being a women but just wait till they find out she’s a lesbian 
YES IM GOING TO CCXP and I’ll be bringing you Corps, the latest news about #CaptainMarvel right from the event! It’ll be awesome and you gotta stay tuned here! I’ll even try to do some live transmissions! Yea!
Don’t slip Captain marvel in like people care
If Peggy Carter doesn’t do something AWSOME in Captain Marvel, the movie is failure. @MarvelStudios
Captain Marvel is gonna change the game in March. Here are 4 ways how  
captain marvel is so damn fine
Imagine life without these  AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto  Thankyou Stan lee   1922-2018
can someone please explain to me how captain marvel taking 5 years to get to earth makes sense? why are the avengers sitting on their asses for all that time? they’re not just gonna say “oh well thanos won nothing we can do about it!” and forget everybody they lost 
Updated  movie logo! 
i’m wearing my captain marvel tshirt and this cute girl told me she likes it. aaaa the power of the lesbian that is carol danvers
I'm ready   
Finally got to read The Life of Captain Marvel #4. Holy crap, this is soooo good. Thank you @mstohl for giving us this story & this love for Carol. I absolutely love this run & backstory!!
I JUST BOUGHT A CAPTAIN MARVEL FUNKO BEST £15 OF MY LIFE
All hail  All hail   Countdown for the Marvel's Avengers 4 official teaser trailer.... Starting now!!!   
A quickie  
Staring work on these two.   
The  trailer provides the first look at the Kree Homeworld of Hala. 
Meet the hero who is our only chance against Thanos. #CaptainMarvel
captain marvel 
the movie theaters are about to have all my money in 2019.  -Glass -Captain Marvel -Us -Dumbo -Hellboy -Avengers -Aladdin -Toy Story 4 -Annabelle -The Lion King -Grudge -It: Chapter 2 -Jumanji 2
btw seeing captain marvel’s trailer on big screen is one of the best things happened to me
Day 1 of my Destiny break Got a decent amount of sleep Got lots done at work Read the lastest issue of the Life of Captain Marvel by @mstohl  Watched a bunch of this season of Daredevil (it’s real good)
Said it in the gc but I'll say it again: you're so beautiful
In light of the new trailer, here’s a PSA: Captain Marvel is one of the Disney tsum tsums that have shown up at Dollar Tree stores for $1  
Being upset that the TRAILER for Captain Marvel, a movie with a white female lead, having a black male character with more words is white feminism at its PEAK. There are better things you can do to help women than to sit and count the number of words a character has in a preview.
Me: wow I should start on my Captain Marvel costume for Halloween sure it getting to be that time Also me: hm I’m gonna work on my Cap Kingdom Peach coat all this week
Hydra? Captain Marvel says: More like Bye-dra! Watch her kick some tentacle butt on the front of this Secret Empire #1 Cover H Incentive J Scott Campbell Variant Cover! If only Captain America felt the same way about Hydra...Get it for 50% OFF TODAY ONLY:   
2019: - spiderman: far from home - avengers 4 - captain marvel - infinity war pt 2 - wonder women 2 - suicide squad 2 - it pt 2 - star wars 9 - stranger things s3 - chaos walking  - the goldfinch   ahah can’t wait
as excited as i am for captain marvel, i have to agree
is this captain marvel 
Ohh boy, Mystique X-Men Black was tiresome and the art didn't pop. I did enjoy Life of Captain Marvel #4. I would continue with the series if it was going past issue #5. The first issue didn't grab me but glad I gave the series a chance.
This is something I was wishing to never post.      
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/ACICpKcWnAA?a  Captain Marvel - Official Trailer!! [REACTION]
Marvel Explosion of 1968 #ironman #captainmarvel #marvelhttp://youtu.be/n1Ux6dez_-s?a
This is why DC will always be king. A 30 second clip of a completely standalone movie that doesnt even have a hero in it is released and hours later its still making more noise than Captain Marvel did, a character with the brand in their name. 
Tenth ep of the , our silly ! We talk about  and how  may change ! http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …
CAPTAIN MARVEL JR #67 FAWCETT Comics PIRATE Issue HD scan 1948 COMIC VG on eBay:    
Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:    Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 
 (), , &  are ready for action!  2018 
A different version of my Captain Marvel commission. 
 couldn't look more 90's. Coming 2019.  
TRAILER VIEWS 2019 (TOP 10)  1  43,5M 2  25,4M 3  23,3M 4  19,0M 5  17,9M 6  17,8M 7  12,8M 8  12,3M 9  11,4M 10  10,6M 
Captain marvel will developing a lot new Story arc like  Civil wars II A Force  Dark avenger (developing) Alpha flight  Starjammers Binary Dark miss marvel
okay but 2019 will give us:  x men dark phoenix captain marvel avengers 4 spiderman far from home shazam ww84 joker new mutants chaos walking hellboy the lego movie 2 dumbo godzilla king of monsters mib spinoff the lion king it chapter 2 kingsman 3 frozen 2 star wars IX 
well hb captain marvel or hawkeye 
My only problem with Captain Marvel is that no one would walk into a fight with their hair down. I also have the same problem with Thor.
i was at target today and in the movie area thing they played the captain marvel and bohemian rhapsody trailers hehehe
Im not what you think I am.       
Well, folks, looks like the hype for Marvel Studios’  is real as the trailer has made 109M global views in it’s first 24 hours, 20M more than the first  trailer: https://twitter.com/MarvelStudios/status/1042541416054841345?s=20 ….  @DoctorRagnarok @OrangeGrove55
Captain Marvel Meet & Greet Coming to Disney's California Adventure -   -
Currently reading Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur by Brandon Montclare and . Lots of fun, and very much reminds me in sensibility and tone of my favorite Golden Age comic (featuring my favorite Golden Age hero) Captain Marvel Adventures. 
 Life of  #4 Variant by Kaare Andrews    Comics   
 Concept Art Officially Released! 
 has the wisdom of Solomon!  
Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait? 
Raise your hand if you've just been playing the Captain Marvel trailer on a loop over Eye of the Tiger
*Captain Marvel trailer starts playing*  me n gabbi: her... Captain Marvel trailer: A (HER)O us: HER!!!
Aw, I complimented a girl’s Captain Marvel shoes and she said it made her day! And then I mentioned that I knew  and how cool it was to see his design everywhere and she doubled over and put her hands on her knees. “Sorry, I had a moment there,” she said.
TO WHOEVER PUT THE BRIE LARSON COVER OF BLACK SHEEP FROM SCOTT PILGRIM OVER CAPTAIN MARVEL FOOTAGE: AAAAAAAAAAA
Believe it or not, Captain Marvel is not the first female action hero. And she’s definitely not the best. 
If Captain Marvel will going to be released on national woman’s day Loki’s series will be released  on 20th of May 
 reshoot in L.A. (nov19) with  and  !
This ad really bothers me.   Like...this is just the way we're gonna get DC's "Captain Marvel" from now on, isn't it?  I hope the movie is good, even so.  But still. I want to read comics about Captain Marvel, not Johns' Shazam. 
friendly reminder to keep rewatching and posting the captain marvel trailer to piss off your local mysoginist
Deep investigation and some incredible digging into Captain Marvel secrets in this thread. 
So what you're saying is...  Doctor Strange = Shulk  and  Captain Marvel = Kirby 
I hope  will be in the . That would be nice
Captain Marvel Is Already Facing Off Against Male Critics  via 
Netizens talking about Maine, Captain Marvel, Ernie and Bert |   
It's official: 'Captain Marvel' will be set in 1995   (via )
I wrote about Captain Marvel’s powers we at .
Look the story arcs that involved Byrne & Claremont & then go look at Squirrel Girl, Marvel Rising, Champions, Ms. Marvel, & Captain Marvel. If you can't see the damage that's been done, you're part of the problem.   
I’m guessing he would’ve already filmed his cameo for the new avengers cus they’ve finished shooting a while ago. So we still get to see him for captain marvel and avengers 4
THERE'S GOING TO BE A MOVIE ABOUT CAPTAIN MARVEL? DOES HE FIGHT THE WORM GUY IN IT? I LOVED THE WORM GUY!   MISS BRANT! FIND OUT IF THE CAPTAIN MARVEL MOVIE IS GOING TO HAVE THE WORM GUY IN IT!
I’ve got to be 100% honest. Besides Batman (at its very best), I’ve struggled with DC. The struggles go back to the second grade. I guess I’m just a Marvel boy at heart. To that end, Captain Marvel; she is, and always has been, the real deal.
Captain Bandit   
Captain Marvel Sculpture I did recently.    Studios 
imagine an alternative cover for The Life of Captain Marvel made by @heyjenbartel  i would die
Tbh: Bumblebee looks like it'd be okay.  Half the trailers have been for super hero movies.  We got a Shazam trailer... Or I guess a Captain Marvel. No, it's called Shazam.  How AMC has so many trailers.
Captain Marvel and Spice Girls in 2019? TAKE ALL MY MONEY
who cares about captain marvel when you have a 6 sec video of baekhyun picking up a fan's phone https://vine.co/v/e5BWDtOJb7h
Even if WW84 kept the Nov 2019 date, it would’ve been a whole 8 months apart from Captain Marvel. This decision ain’tgot a damn thing to do with Captain Marvel. Stop creating goofy narratives to get fans riled up 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/0aaSktwMe1I?a  Iron Man & Captain Marvel with The Power to Stop Thanos in Avengers 4?
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54?a  5 REASONS WHY CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FAIL
Jarret kicks some artistic ass w/his take on    See more of his work on TEAM INdysTRUCTIBLE:  Preview:    BUY:        
"This isn't a question of what I'm not. This is a question of who I could be." · Tomorrow is your chance to take the first step to who we can be. The America we have always claimed to be. Vote early. Vote tomorrow. Just vote. ·    
So...will we get some kind of reference or cameo to Annihilus or the wave in Captain Marvel....? 
Raf!!!! Look who I met yesterday! Jude Law! Mentor of our Carol Danvers. I told him "I can't wait to see you in Captain Marvel" then he walked toward me and we took a photo. He even asked me "Is that alright?" to be sure I've got a good photo! He's so nice and talented! 
So no A4 trailer until after Captain Marvel, and then no future announcements until July?
We are living proof that you shouldn't pit Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel against eachother  
The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/fnV2Pyq
captain marvel, dark phoenix y wonder woman en 2019 
Where is the new season of She’s Gotta Have It? They really screwed DeWanda out of a role in Captain Marvel for what? 
THE LIFE OF  Issue 1 out July 18th, 2018  Issue 2 out August 22nd, 2018 Issue 3 out September 19th, 2018 Issue 4 out October 17th, 2018  Issue 5 out November 21st, 2018  DONT MISS A SINGLE ISSUE, CORPS OF THE ACCLAIMED SERIES BY 
Stunning and brave Captain Marvel claims women live life on the defence because a guy asked her for her phone number. Another role model for female fragility. 
can’t stay still long enough to take new ones, bc EXCITEMENT FOR OUR CAPTAIN MARVEL ilu   
Ok… I'm a Captain Marvel stan and don’t personally support people not loving Captain Marvel because it's against what I believe but that doesn’t mean I am hatingcaptainmarvelphobic. Several of my friends do not stan Captain Marvel and we are still very close friends.
Everything makes so much more sense now.   
Next year we get:  Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Toy Story 4 Spider-Man: Far From Home Star Wars Epsiode 9  What a time to be alive.
Finally procured this bag. I was so excited! Then my 20-something step-son sees it & asks w/a huff, "do you even know anything about the character?" I proceeded to unload 40 years of Carol Danvers history in his shocked face. Don't step at me, son!   
 in the comic outfit, but the movie's hair style. Painted with with an old technique I used to always use. I think i'll be using it more often. =D I'll be at  L.A. aka  later this month. See you there! 
me waiting for captain marvel 
Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Lockscreen   ☓ Fav if you liked  ☓ RT if you saved  ☓ Tag me if using, please 
sometimes i remember that captain marvel is a movie that really exists like... we didn't make this up... we're gonna see it in less than 4 months. amazing
good news the captain marvel trailer still slaps
Movie reviews, news and features from critics and reporters of The New York Times. #Movies#captainmarvel  
This is the woman y’all picked to be Captain Marvel? She can’t handle a man asking her for her phone number but she’s supposed to play one of the strongest characters in the Marvel universe? Jesus Christ  
 describing to the Avengers how she's going to make Thanos her purple titan pet. 
I remember Captain Marvel being announced way before Wonder Woman had any impact lol I remember bc it got pushed back and I was so mad about it. But believe what you wanna believe
Hulk smashed.                       ist
What if Loki was decieving everyone this whole time and preparing the universe to defeat Thanos, and when he died it was part of his plan so he could make sure captain marvel, Tony and Nebula made it to earth
chastainjessica: We can’t do this alone. We need you. Captain Marvel(2019) dir. Anna Boden, Ryan... https://tmblr.co/Z3lgCo2cT-uaS
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/nuliL_D2Y_Y?a  Will Captain Marvel Be The MCU's First Flop?
105 days before  
Blackwatch, Wondy, and Captain Marvel! 
I'm thinking Kamala's  is a version of this figure... 
EXCITED FOR THESE THINGS NEXT WEEK: - RIVERDALE S3- EPISODE 5 : THE GREAT ESCAPE - CAPTAIN MARVEL'S PRELUDE
: All The Biggest Reveals From Marvel's New Prelude Comic - SPOILERS 
This has to happen! And we need a Captain Marvel and Thor team up scene 
Phone wallpaper illustration of me as Captain Marvel by 
In 2019  My most awaiting movies    darling   and  2.   3.  4 4.   5.   6.   7.  2 8.   9.  10.   11. 
How Captain Marvel Brings Agents of SHIELD Closer To The MCU Movies  
This old lady in front of me at the dollar store was going sO SLOW, I was about to pull a Captain Marvel
.#JohnTerry hangs up his boots. Management next?  Thank you #CaptainMarvel @ChelseaFC #bestleader #KTBFFH
HOLY SHIZZZZ CAPTAIN MARVEL LOOKS SOO GOOD OMG
Early Avengers! Crossover with Captain Marvel! And who the hell is Rick Jones? We're discussing the Kree-Skrull War this week - come listen!        …
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY CAPTAIN, ! I love u more than ! Always support u!   
2019 MCU Countdown:  • Captain Marvel ⇨ 110 Days. • Avengers 4 ⇨ 165 Days. • Spider-Man: FFH ⇨ 229 Days. 
New Video Reports: Travis Knight to Direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3?!        
Here's a little painting I did of Captain Marvel for Marvel and Upper Deck last year. I did a bunch of these, it was fun. Closest I've come to kinda working for Marvel (so far). 
THE JULIA MUTUAL   -kind of secretive??? -but loving at all times -inactive but probably is busy being smart in school -captain marvel can punch her -a big uwu  -should be more active cuz she’s the best 
december is soon,,, that means aquaman is coming. then 2019 will begin and we start with captain marvel and shazam! ugh lets GO 
captain marvel Avengers 4 Aladdin spiderman 2 Lion King 
Between this arc of  and , I have a feeling Jess will have had enough of post apocalyptic worlds for awhile.  
Marvel's future: Captain Marvel trilogy Avengers 4 Spider-Man trilogy Dr Strange trilogy GOTG trilogy Black Panther trilogy Black W trilogy Wanda serie Loki serie Bucky/Sam serie Daredevil S4 Punisher S2 Jessica J S3 Agents of Shield S6 Cloak/Dagger S2 Runaways S2 Gifted S2  Me: 
Tired: St. Francis preaching the Gospel to animals  Wired: Captain Marvel reading Shazam! to zombies 
“I am not                   “They can’t begin  what you                    to understand                                          think I am”                   what you are”   
If captain marvel is so powerful why couldn't she get out of room
Why the fuck did Captain Marvel punch that old woman so hard? She’s a fucking super human and put some fat meat into that punch. Blasted the old bitch into another dimension for no reason
why-i-love-comics: Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel: Mealtime Mayhem #1 (2018) written by... 
Medyo crazy at risky if next year ilabas ang Darna. Sana maganda talagang playdate. Masyadong crowded for superhero movies. Avengers 4, SpiderMan 2, Shazam, Dark Phoenix, and Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman 1984, na both girls. May Alita: Battle Angel pa.
People want a superman game. i desire a Captain Marvel game!
Very excited  to honor , hair department head for     on December 15th in LA. Get your tickets pronto!  
me at my sister: PLEASE TAKE A PICTURE OF ME WITH THE CAPTAIN MARVEL POSTER 
I feel sad now about being reminded of Stan Lee's passing.  I been such a marvel fan growing up. I'll always remember how excited I got to see Stan Lee in all his cameos. I'm gonna cry when I see his cameo in Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, & Spiderman Far From Home. 
I spoke to CAPTAIN MARVEL screenwriter Nicole Perlman about THE SLOWS, her long-awaited directorial debut: 
Captain Marvel!  Comis Abiertas  View this post on Instagram A post shared by Allen Azusa (@allen_azusa)... https://tmblr.co/ZLkZxY2d12cay
No, they already shot his scene for avengers 4
Avengers 4, Star Wars Episode IX, Godzilla: King of The Monsters, IT Chapter 2, Toy Story 4, Captain Marvel, Live Action Remakes of Dumbo, Aladdin, & The Lion King, Terminator 6, Hobbs & Shaw, Detective Pickachu, Glass...  Could 2019 Be Any More Awesome? No seriously I’m asking 
Captain Marvel is doing “Get Help” with Iron Man and i’m cackling 
#CaptainMarvel will face up unidentified enemies who change their appearance freely and the battle over her own memory with young Nick Fury who eventually will form the strongest hero team The Avengers...”
Have to agree with  here. I never liked  until I read the  version. It even inspired me to write her into a  (hope I did her justice)
Captain Marvel beeper !   / photo :  
My  lantern for my local Water Lantern Festival!    
One of my favorite new concepts that Thunderworld introduces for Captain Marvel was a new source of his magical lightning, one that stayed true to Captain Marvel’s core elements.  And what else could it be, except a lightning rod?  It’s PERFECT. 
captain marvel kill my ass!!!
That’s how I’ve always wanted to feel watching a Captain Marvel movie.
Gettin' REALLLLY tired of DC fanboys going on and on about "The REAL Captain Marvel".  Don't really know what point you're trying to prove. I mean, I DO. But, you know.
Captain Marvel doesn't look appealing at least to the trailer. Hoping I'm proven wrong. 
OH MY GOD HOW ARE THE TRAILERS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL AND SHAZAM ALMOST BACK TO BACK MY NERDY HEART IS SHRIEKING CAPTAIN MARVEL VS CAPTAIN MARVEL DID DISNEY AND WB PLAN THIS
Captain Marvel Plot Details Possibly Revealed with Comic Book Revision 
Saving half of the universe's pop. (the many) from suffering and extinction is worth sacrificing Thanos one love Gamora (the few). Thanos doesn't consider the lost half as suffering as they just disappeared painlessly. If you can, do you save 1/2 the boat or nobody on the boat?
Watching the Captain Marvel trailer 9 or 10 times helps.
theory: carol looks exactly the same as she does in captain marvel (except for her hair, which is longer). i believe that there will be a small time jump from the events if captain marvel to the post credits scene- still in the 90s. maybe something will happen with past hank- 
Marvel bosses promise Captain Marvel will be ‘very different’ to any other origin story https://trib.al/xANqglg
ignore my face or my bedroom mess but my captain marvel is coming together and it’s getting LITTTTTTT omg 
You were responsible for some many things in my life. Marvel sparked my love of superhero’s at a very young age. From Spider-Man (every version) to Fantastic 4 to X-Men to now the Avenger and Gaurdians and Captain Marvel. You gave me strong female role models (1/3) 
When I saw First Man on IMAX, it had the Captain Marvel trailer with it. 
Guess the sales of  and  are gonna skyrocket; Marvel oughta thank you in both life and death.  RIP Watcher!
CAPTAIN MARVEL  Luqman Hadi   Appearances   Clean Sheets   Goal   
 i made a captain marvel pop socket (yes it’s smudged we aren’t gonna talk about it) because i am indeed captain marvel trash  
Between #FantasticBeasts and #CaptainMarvel, Jude Law is trying *really* hard not to spill any secrets for either during his latest media blitz https://uproxx.it/rh7238s
Thanos when he sees Captain Marvel, Pepper Potts, and Okoye coming for him  
From what I've seen in the leaked photo of the merchandise for Avengers 4 is that it seems like the Avengers are going to be in the Quantum Realm along with Captain Marvel & other heroes who survived Thanos' devastating finger snap on the Infinity Gauntlet. 
BRIE LARSON's GRANDMA Watched 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Trailer on GMA Just Like the Rest of Us 
The BOSS of space!   18
"BATTLE OF SUPERHEROES"  RT  For    Like  For  
Captain Marvel defenderá a la tierra de una guerra galáctica https://buff.ly/2MMY9eu
Me trying to distract the audience at the captain marvel premiere 
“If Captain Marvel is so darn powerful then how come she couldn’t get out of ROOM?”  I’m dying  
This (part of the) message is for the  fans marvelstudios  is releasing in South East Asian cinemas (including Timor Leste) Thursday 28 February 2019 This video by… https://www.instagram.com/p/BoP-Pd0Hodi/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=xek7jdmm9o8w …
I'm going and re-reading Copper Age appearances of Captain Marvel. I forgot in Legends #5 that fantastic splash page when Bill Batson realizes the world needs The Mightiest Mortal to survive. So great!   
Bonus Question   With the release and instant hit of #SpidermanPS4, Which Character In The #Marvel Universe would you like to see have his/her own game?  #IronMan #CaptainAmerica #CaptainMarvel #Thor   Let me know down below  #SHPOLL18 #TSQuestion
Can Captain Marvel get stuck in the quantal realm at the end of her movie and thens meet Ant-Man in there in A4 idk?
Can we get more of  's binary form in comics? specially her cosmic awareness? It's so neglected  
While I don't want a return to the state of female characters running around in Bikinis & High Heels; performing circus contortionism as a substitute for fight moves...I DON'T necessarily like the direction now where the new Captain Marvel looks like Data from Star Trek.  2) 
I obviously can't say definitively since the film isn't out yet, but that seems more like a Fury thing than a Shield thing. Off the books so to speak. I don't think any of Captain Marvel was in the leak.
I just want to know when this Captain Marvel movie coming out. 
Call me crazy, but I think this  movie might be a hit. 
I know ima cry at the next Stan lee cameo in captain marvel :(
Very sad that @CaptainMarvelTalk has left, but excited to hear  is channeling his awesome talents in a new direction!  He’s one of my favorite  artists! https://twitter.com/carlshinyama/status/1047337126591774721?s=21 …
“I'm not what you think I am.” ︽✵︽    
captain marvel @ thanos 
Check out the new  International promo trailer! - 
Oh Captains, my Captains!  & 
Captain Marvel will be getting a new ongoing comic just in time for her MCU debut.   
MARVEL: if we have Captain Marvel take place in the 90s & introduce reasons why she didn’t intervene in ‘Avengers’ in 2012, the continuity of the franchise will largely stay intact  DC: LET’S SHOOT 17 DIFFERENT JOKER MOVIES THAT ALL TAKE PLACE OUTSIDE OF THE OVERALL STORYLINE
so we just gon act like infinity war part 2 and captain marvel ain’t releasing next year? 
Thanks for the compliments It’s Captain Marvel and from 
Captain America: First Avanger had the same problem. The movie really suffered because of this. I hope they are in time to modify Captain Marvel and avoid it becomes as bad the other one 
169 days until avengers 4 113 days until Captain Marvel 233 days until Spider-Man far from home       
So, a new Captain Marvel book is launching. I wonder if Boobiegate will finally be over once the nerdbros see this image. 
Dear Captain Marvel  
PS: can we appreciate the  socks. Molly has style  
It’s funny that they didn’t do this same thing when Spiderman caused Black Panther and Captain Marvel to get kicked to the back of the line 
Captain Marvel??? Avengers 4?!?! Just those 2 alone means 2019 my year 
“I sense that death holds no terror for you, Captain Marvel!” Spoilers!  
Sorry Carol but these are the only people I'll ever recognize as Captain Marvel 
i wanted to join, so here some recycled selfies.   CAN'T WAIT TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL  
Captain marvel please rip my cock off
 It’s been 3 years since I started blogging about Captain Marvel!  http://www.theworldsmightiestmortal.com/2018/10/three-year-anniversary.html?m=0 …
Sky-high  from .        : Anna (age 9); : me/dad
Kelly Thompson and Carmen Carnero Bring CAPTAIN MARVEL Back to Earth in New Ongoing Series 
Who is ? Get a glimpse of the powerful Super Hero with  in a new ": Secret Warriors" featurette! 
Have anyone pointed out that Captain America and Captain Marvel were both in Scott Pilgrim vs the world?
in the trailer of captain marvel when the “her” became “a hero” 
BREAKING NEWS: Captain Marvel will make appearances in Disneyland Paris for Marvel Season of Superheroes next year! 
ready for captain marvel to make me feel damn empowered and strong and like i could take on the whole entire world  
 My wife is an elementary school principal and is excited to show off her  costume for her students today - the  movie featuring the first female lead in 2019. A strong female role model dressed as a strong female role model. 
Not to mention the strong leg they stood on in the 40s. -Below, Adventures of Captain Marvel, 1941 
Recent CAPTAIN MARVEL Still Includes An Inadvertent NSFW Easter Egg Which Isn't Very Disney 
A glorious discovery I made on Tumblr last night while still buzzed on sake: 1. Queue up All Star by Smashmouth in your music player  2. Queue up the  trailer  3. Hit play on both as close together as you can  4. Profit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1BCujX3pw8 …
Well technically he already has been cast
So, save Loki?  Come on, Captain Marvel, hiddlestoners need their Loki
Hey, it's Young Agent Phil Coulson.  
Working on new  video this morning. Posting in a little while!  
I don't know why but Alex this season kind of reminds of another Danvers from a totally different universe...     CW Sunday    
i need more loyal mutuals so rt if you’re a fan of   • tony stark/iron man  • thor • bruce banner/hulk • captain marvel • peter parker/spider man • basically anything and everything marvel/mcu  if i follow u pls follow back oof
Kree. Fury could've obtained it during the events of Captain Marvel? 
‘Annabelle’ Sequel Casts ‘Captain Marvel’ & ‘The Haunting Of Hill House’ Star Mckenna Grace In Key Role  
Any superhero? Let's see... (100% should be top percentage IMO)  Superman 100% Firestorm 100% Zatanna 90% Cyclops 80% Aquaman 80% Mera 85% Hulk 100% Captain America 50% Batman 30% Blue Marvel 100% Carol Danvers 80% Captain Marvel 95% Storm 90% Thor 100%
Guess who’s heading down to  for this ride   hype 
It's like Captain Marvel punching an old lady except instead of punching an old lady it's just me demanding from you the land and lives back that my people lost
P.S.: Captain Marvel #1...
I’m really excited for ! I really like that we got to talk  this week with our guest!        
Sweet mother of God... this lady got into it with a legit fan and called him contemptuous because she said that Captain Marvel having more action and doing stuff and... you know, having a MOVIE made about her wasn’t more important than Sam Jackson’s word count. 
Captain Marvel: Hi :)  Thanos: 
Captain Marvel (2019) Trailer http://youtu.be/mcrFIfQayjo?a
I seen a lot of people are saying things like #CaptainMarvel is going to be Marvel’s first flop, guys remember #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy that you guys said that would be Marvel’s first flop look that turned out, big hit! I suggest wait till the film’s release then judge. Thank you!
Waiting for captain Marvel
Did a supply run, and some cooking. Back to drawing, quick  of   with some new materials. Now, time to  
The way I know Captain Marvel, is she's who I use to make Sparkle Linda from the SPN ep Just My Imagination.   
‘CAPTAIN MARVEL' International Promo Trailer Released - 
Next year's Disney lineup:  Captain Marvel • March 8, 2019  Dumbo • March 29, 2019 Avengers 4 • May 3, 2019 Aladdin • May 24, 2019 Toy Story 4 • June 21, 2019  The Lion King • July 19, 2019 Frozen 2 • November 27, 2019  Star Wars IX • December 20, 2019 
marvel stans when captain marvel finally makes her movie debut 
I accidentally just called captain marvel "miss america" if that gives you an idea of where I'm at in life
Higher. Further. Faster. I told y’all I’m pretty much obsessed with the  trailer.  looks Ah-MAy-zing. So here’s a little look at a commission I got to do of  this awesome lady! She’s by far one of my fave marvel ladies. I can’t wait to see the movie!
Still and will always be my favorite scene of  ... (Mainly because she has always been my favorite superhero ever since I started reading comics as a kid)   
Q3: Blockbuster Video is suddenly popping up all over—in the Captain Marvel trailer, as a craft beer honoring the Last Blockbuster, etc. What are some ways the Blockbuster brand (now owned by Dish Network) could be reborn for 2018 and beyond? 
From her origins to her powers, here's what you need to know about Captain Marvel:    
But how cool would it be to see the Avengers power through an island full of symbiotes  Venom Carnage Agony Scream  Riot  Toxin Lasher  Scorn  Being the few that will go head to head with Avengers  Spider-Man  Captain America  Captain Marvel  Black Panther Ant-man Wasp Falcon ??? 
OKAY: So here's a first draft of my theory.  Captain Marvel landed on the roof of a "Blockbuster" - the lair of Skullbuster of the Reavers, unbeknownst to the crime fighters in the area. Movies are shown on a projection screen underground--one that has a dark secret... 
Page your friends & prepare yourself for a powerful 2019!  herself is coming to Disney California Adventure Park!  
i am sorry but mcu wanda aint shit. sshe is not the strongest idk why yall hype her ass like thor and captain marvel are way much more powerful than her. and ThAtS tHe TeA
If you’re not following  you are missing out! Just look at this beautiful Captain Marvel artwork! Can we get my pal a bunch of likes and RT’s? I’m starting with you     
Captain Marvel and S.H.I.E.L.D. facing down any and all threats.              
There's only one true CAPTAIN MARVEL  SHAZAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM  
Clark Gregg Jokes His Captain Marvel Role Didn't Require De-Aging  
You speaking up is admirable. I think you are going to be a bigger influence than most realize. You really are perfect in Captain Marvel role and the "life"stuff that goes along with it
Coming in February! Captain Marvel: Braver & Mightier, a one-shot story about Carol Danvers punching aliens in space and also trying to balance the disparate parts of her life.  Written by me, art by Simone Buonfantino, cover by .   
Newest episode of  is now up!  Join us as we interview the BIGGEST Captain Marvel fan !!!  Funniest episode we've had in days.  https://soundcloud.com/supersuit-show/episode-111-captain-cthulhu?utm_source=soundcloud&utm_campaign=share&utm_medium=twitter …pic.twitter.com/tt0llm8Vrv
Captain Marvel, pushing a titanic dead star.  If you ask me, it's a greater feat of strength than anything that Superman has ever achieved. 
Infinity War's Captain Marvel Nod Could Have Looked Different  
1 moment in the new 'Captain Marvel' trailer is totally confusing people  
Surely this is because only men care about Storm, Captain Marvel, Bucky Barnes & Ms Marvel...  
How Marvel Studios Scared Jude Law out of Sharing His ‘Captain Marvel’ Role (Video) https://cstu.io/4e6c80
Captain Marvel's getting ready for the apocalypse with some new duds  
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER GOT OVER 109M VIEWS IN 24 HOURS BRIE LARSON AND MARVEL'S IMPACT NO ONE COULD EVER 
The Greatness Of  - On , John Campea and Robert Meyer Burnett discuss the passing of Stan and the other following topics:  - 's Box Office Success -  Hot Toy -  Crossover Promos -  Discussion   
Yesterday we mourned the great loss of Legendary Comic Book Writer, STAN LEE. Dearly hoping his cameo is in Captain Marvel AND Avengers 4. My personal and talented friend, Sean, drew a wonderful tribute (4pic).   
MCU Phase 4 Predictions:  1. Spider-Man 2 (July 2019) 2. Black Widow (May 2020) 3. Doctor Strange 2 (Nov 2020) 4. Black Panther 2 (Feb 2021) 5. Captain Marvel 2 (May 2021) 6. Eternals (Nov 2021) 7. Guardians 3?? (Feb 2022) 8. Avengers 5 (May 2022) 9. Ant-Man 3 (July 2022)
First Look at 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Skrull Leader LEGO Minifigure  
3. Avengers 4 Rumors [3]  -The plan involves going in and out of it to gather energy from the Quantum Realm so Captain Marvel can destroy the Stones. -Strange is the one taking the team in and out of the Quantum Realm. -Meanwhile Thor and Hulk hold off a new TBA enemy.
The Captain Marvel trailer is worth watching again, and again, and again. 
I'm doing my best to create comics, novels, articles and videos. My next video is why you should be excited about ! I'm also working on my comic.  put me in such a great mood. And then life...Sorry, bit annoyed right now!
Catch up? You do know captain marvel was announced back in 2014, and your really going say catch up to movie franchise that already has 20 movies?
Cosplayer: Reaver Cosplay.  Cosplay: Captain Marvel from Marvel Comics.  
so I'm really getting  and  in my birthday month???
Earth’s Mightiest Hero!  
Captain Marvel  by    Photo      
When Stan Lee's cameo comes up in Captain Marvel 
 Did you know that C. C. Beck once wrote a  story for DC Comics that was never published?  Here's the sad  but true story of The Comic That Never Was.  
Captain Marvel trailer reactions: celebrity edition  
I can't wait for Avengers 8: Captain Marvel and Scarlet Witch Fuck Shit Up for Fun 
'this trailer allowed people everywhere to tap into that little bit of cosmic energy we all share with Captain Marvel'    
There was a great Spy Smasher/Captain Marvel crossover that took place over several issues of Whiz but damn, I cannot remember the specific issues it took place in.  If I can find it, I'll let you know.  Its a good read.
Things I’m looking forward to in 2019 in order of excitement:  Avengers 4 Spider-man far from home Captain marvel My 21st.
The  were absolutely right when they said that  had the most beautiful costume among the cast. Pure, as it is. Zero effects. Wow 
It's 's birthday, and we're celebrating by watching the  trailer on repeat:  
Have you picked up a copy of the new issue of Total Film magazine yet? It features a  cover story and comes with a special superhero supplement and Captain Marvel art card:  
50 years of history. It’s incredible to see how much  developed as a character, as a woman and a hero! Everything she went through, every adversity she overcame, made her who she is. She claimed her space as a respected leader and became Marvel’s premiere heroine! 
ATTENTION   FANS !! At NYCC this past weekend I accidentally picked up two of these posters so I want someone else who wants it to have it!       
Nothing but respect for the Holy Trinity of 2019   
+And he doesn’t trust anyone to help him with that more than his great friend and ally, Captain Marvel, who gave him these instructions.
ok so final point, i think amatw deserved as much hype as captain marvel has been receiving (here me out) bc it introduced the first actual female superhero in her own lead film (even if scott was also the lead) and also a second female villain (especially with janet as well !)
Captain Marvel Set Photos Reveal Reshoots Have Begun 
Decided to decorate my pumpkin in honor of the new Captain Marvel movie coming out in March 2019!   (Sorry for the chipping.  I didn’t buy good paint lol)  
CAPTAIN MARVEL PRELUDE #1 Shows Us What Nick Fury and Maria Hill Were Up to Before Becoming Dust  
Jessica Drew and Carol Danvers!   
Alright we're getting a new #CaptainMarvel ongoing by @79SemiFinalist . Wow she is putting in work with West Coast Avengers, Jessica Jones, Mr. and Mrs. X, and now Captain Marvel. Art by @CarmenCarnero who did amazing work on X-Men Red so this is gonna be awesome!
Captain Marvel only on the CW: Dare to Defy
the captain marvel hype literally lasted a week, we have to keep promoting our women and not just talk about them in the moment!!
Oh damn no, I just realized that since he has recorded a lot of cameos which can be used in future movies, I'll definitely always gonna have a breakdown when I see him in those future movies.. Spider-Man Far From Home, Captain Marvel, Avenger 4 and hopefully also other ones..  
Captain Marvel by Norm Breyfogle  
"Captain Marvel" #1, from writer @79SemiFinalist and artist @CarmenCarnero, will arrive in January 2019! Learn more: http://bit.ly/2Ot3PyX
The reshoot for  movie has been started in Los Angeles! https://www.instagram.com/p/BqcfjlJg6Rb/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1s575qlh39jlx …
And captain marvel she finna save these niggas in infinity ward
First time drawing this badass.  
Happy Birthday to the best Captain in the universe  You are an inspiration to a lot of people including me. Thanks for everything you stand for and I can't wait to see you in action  
Marcus In Captain Marvel 
Oh Captain, my Captain! Why the Captain Marvel Trailer Matters  https://thevalkyries.co/2018/10/05/her-a-hero-captain-marvel/ … #marvel #captainmarvel
Wakes up with the avengers theme in my head. Captain Marvel work day. #motivationsunday
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/ghostlove/post/695263747?1541117797 …
Yas! Part of the official movie concept art by the great ! Well done to you and your team! So so comic accurate! Can’t wait to see this one and much more in HD! Already pre ordered the “Marvel’s  Art of the movie” book! 
I've just begun Monstress, Paper Girls, Nancy Drew and Giant Days, and I'm loving them. On the Marvel side, right now I'd highlight Life of Captain Marvel, Unstoppable Wasp (it's back!), Immortal Hulk, and Jessica Jones.
Here’s some more 3.5” by 2.5”  ... Immortan Joe, Catwoman, Captain Marvel, and Frankenstein’s Monster are all available for $45 each.  Hit me with a direct message if interested! 
Captain Marvel (2018) 
I made  decorations for Sukkot ( it’s a jewish holiday)  if anyone here celebrates sukkot, happy holiday! if not, have a great Sunday    
‘Captain Marvel - the people and the man behind the champion mare rewriting history.’   A great read by   |  |  https://amp.heraldsun.com.au/sport/superracing/the-people-and-the-man-behind-the-champion-mare-rewriting-history/news-story/9f7dfec07f9bd788e26e3d5f28c92a5d?__twitter_impression=true …
Holy crap! 
when funko releases captain marvel pops it’s over for me and the 4 dollars i currently have to my name
So yh, 2018 is passing and taking Stan Lee with it. I guess we wont be seing you in the Captain Marvel movie then  RIP  
As March 2019 draws ever closer, this is just a little reminder that  won't be the first time Carol Danvers () and Phil Coulson () met...but it will be the first time they're on the same side.  
Lee Pace at  Midwest Oct 13, describing his Kree credentials in Guardians of the Galaxy. ;)       
 en loas degradaciones de   Tu Mundo, Nuestro Mundo. https://www.instagram.com/clic.geek/p/Bqa_CkfllCo/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=198enwzp9e724 …
ET Reveals New  Behind the Scenes Footage! 
New United We Stand podcast on Harry Stafford, MUFC's first captain marvel. 
Captain Marvel reshoots  
Shazam! Gets Ready For Reshoots, Sparking Fan Hopes For Superman Cameo via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2ER1ydc
me watching kong skull island: okay so that's nick fury facing off against loki and captain marvel and oh hey it's that one guy from the good place AND IT'S PILLBOI ALSO FROM THE GOOD PLACE!!!
THE REAL CAPTAIN MARVEL  
 did you put  ghosts in ? 
some of y’all over here talking bout “wHere WaS cArOl DAnVeRs whEn  ______ hAppEneD?!?!!? sMH” when we only have a trailer for Captain Marvel?? like sis wait til the movie lol
. made me Thrawn and Mara penny blossoms! I also got Poe and Captain Marvel!  
You know what... we got Infinity War this year. I totally expect the next few superhero movies to be mediocre at best. Venom, Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix all look lackluster af and I've made my peace with that.
Can we make sure Dr. Ford gets invited to @wonderwoman or the @captainmarvel premiers? Like she's an actual superhero!  Not all superheroes wear capes but she deserves one for sure!!   #ibelievechristineblaseyford
'AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR' Weird Trailer Imagines If CAPTAIN MARVEL Was in the Movie 
How im fighting the spoilers when captain marvel starts showing in theaters 
Thanks  for Making our childhood happy and exciting . R.I.P.   ForeverOne  Forever         s
Captain Marvel: Disney Site Reveals Year Film Takes Place  
Gather up your strength and fuel up with these #CaptainMarvel pies! Get the recipe and watch "#MarvelRising: Secret Warriors" on DisneyNOW:http://bit.ly/2CTcSTI
Happy birthday to the talented, kind and woke  . Our  
That time Captain Marvel knocked a dude out by snapping his finger: 
Work in progress. Pencils and inks for old school Ms Marvel. I know it’s hip to trash this look to praise Carol’s current Captain Marvel gear, but I’ve always dug the black bodysuit and red sash look. 
A couple panels from Marvel Comics Presents #50 where I snuck in an unauthorised appearance of Fawcett's Captain Marvel. 
Here's the first #CaptainMarvel Movie Poster http://bit.ly/2Oziaa0
She’s beauty,  she’s grace,  she’s  punching skrulls in the face!   Happy birthday ! 
I was already obsessed with all things , but there was something wonderfully familiar re the poster design...it’s just clicked, and my heart is soaring  
Ngl I'm worried that Captain Marvel will have that problem in the MCU but at the same time I think they are smart enough to avoid that
Higher. Further. Faster.   
Petition for Fantastic Beasts’ Katherine Waterston & Captain Marvel’s  to play twin bank robbers or some sort of modern Prince & the Pauper adaptation or something because DAMN
we got captain marvel's trailer, loki's and wanda's tv show AND the Black Widow movie that promise the rise of buckynat  I AM: DEADASS
i still don't know what to expect but i'm clearly excited about this   
So let me get this straight: -naturally blonde -smiles are rare -loves hitting up Blockbuster -looks great in a baseball hat -punches old women on public transportation  Am I.... Captain Marvel?
Looking for someone who can help model an object in 3D for a Captain Marvel project. Tweet me or DM me. 
40 Days Until ...  47 Days Until ...  124 Days Until ...  152 Days Until ...
Can't wait to see this super hyped    
Thread of Peggy Carter, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and potentially other badass women I love. But especially my wife Peggy 
i still have no marvel merch should i get the captain marvel vans breathe for yes
Watch  Punch a Baby in Parody Trailer  
The MCU isn't our reality.  Tony Stark and Steve Rogers aren't Iron Man and Captain America.  They are just Tony and Steve.    Screen Rant: Captain Marvel Movie's 1990s Timeline CAN'T Make Sense.   via 
Try again, #Shazam was created in 1939 while Captain Marvel didn't get introduced almost 30 years later.   S.H.A.Z.A.M!
An official new CAPTAIN MARVEL description describes the hero as "holding the key to the Avengers!"   
Tokyo Comic Con venue limited release!  mubichike  Comic Con limited image with clear file! 
Disney 2019 Captain Marvel 3/8/19 Dumbo (2019) 3/29/19 Penguins (Disneynature) 4/17/19 Untitled Avengers 5/3/19 Aladdin (2019) 5/24/19 Toy Story 4 6/21/19 The Lion King (2019) 7/19/19 Artemis Fowl 8/9/19 Frozen 2 11/27/19 Star Wars: Episode IX 12/20/19
Isso sou muito eu na vida ano q vem...   
“Shazam!” Happy Saturday!!  
every time i watch the captain marvel trailer my heart stops for the entire 1 minute and 57 seconds should i see a doctor
Could you imagine the mindf*ck delivered to us if at the end of the Captain Marvel film, Carol is shown holding a pager, and as she receives Fury's message, turns to dust.
Since Superman: Birthright, with Superman's ability to see a person's "life aura" as I like to see it, there's one thing I've always wanted to write:  Superman meets Captain Marvel and finds that his aura is unlike any he's ever seen, and +
FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD ZERO - 18Hrs. InfinityWar - 21hrs. ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days. CaptainMarvel - 7Days. Venom - 12Days. #ZeroMostLikedIndTrailer
Here's what you need to know before Captain Marvel and Shazam hit the big screen! Collectors for 11-11-18. See more at          s  
stan twitter just crawled back into their coffins after the captain marvel hype died... fun
Oh wow, we get Captain Marvel, Dark Phoenix, Avengers 4, Spider-Man: Far From Home, and New Mutants next year! 
i caNNOT WAIT FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL
Captain Marvel got delayed three movies! LMAO fuck outta here!
Oh my Cap!         
The Prodigy Avengers Captain Marvel STARWARS Wonder Woman2 IT 2 Joker How to train your dragon Shazam Escape room The Purge 
Finished  earlier today before work. It was amazing Watched it all in a day. I need another hit of Marvel Studios to tie me over until  (hopefully Punisher season 2) I'm a MCU junkie lol 
Captain Marvel, Avengers 4.... Disney is going to bankrupt us.
I already know I'm going to fall in love with Phillip J. Coulson all over again in #CaptainMarvel. =""") BRING ON THE TEARS AND HEART EYES #CoulsonLives @clarkgregg
Can’t wait for captain marvel to come out!!!       
Pinar Toprak hopes that gender was not a factor in scoring : "Before this film, I scored 40 feature films. I've been in this town for 20 years... I've been studying music since I was four years old"   
 Since no one is selling your  yet we are having to make our own. Come on    get with the program!  
Day eight of  she’s a   
MCU fans: hel-  DCEU fans: CAPTAIN MARVEL IS COPYING DC WE DID IT FIRST THERES ONLY ROOM FOR ONE FEMALE SUPERHERO BRIE LARSON MORE LIKE GAL GADOT OH SO YOU WANT A FEMALE DIRECTOR FOR THE ETERNALS MOVIE?? MARVEL IS COPYING DC AGAIN?!?!!!?
Spider Man, Captain Marvel and Avengers need to be released sooner. I’m done waiting already
My first marvel paint of my favorite characters                
Why isn’t anyone talking ab captain marvel ??? Just curious.....
captain marvel you’d look AMAZING
 February 2019 Solicitations  Some lovely  reprints coming!  A dollar each, buy a couple to share!   #1  vs  #1  - / War #1  -  #1   Cosmic
- CAPTAIN MARVEL - AVENGERS 4 - TOY STORY 4 - SPIDERMAN FFH - GOT SEASON 8 - STAR WARS EPISODE IX - SILICON VALLEY SEASON 6
Captain Marvel Time Frame Revealed   
Stan Lee;-[ The real Captain Marvel, America
I have been waiting nearly three years for her to fit in this shirt! 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4?a  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown
114 days before  
Storm > Captain Marvel   That's just going off character depth and personality.
YASS!!  
Captain Marvel Slugs a Baby in Weird Trailer Parody  
"Paid for by The Committee To Really Rub It In That Captain Marvel Is A Hobo Now"
WATCH LIVE: Join our “Morning Meeting” w/ ,  &  today’s topics: Latest tariffs in US– trade war; SiriusXM to acquire Pandora; Weight Watchers name change; Captain Marvel to be first female superhero lead  
Marvel should do a rogue origins movie where she touches captain marvel and gets her powers.
PSA: Please Stop Photoshopping Smiles Onto Captain Marvel  
two panels into kelly thompson’s captain marvel series tony and carol are gonna make out while arguing with each other
Captain Marvel Doesn’t Need To Smile and Neither Does Any Other Woman 
Captain Marvel, a story about an alien discovering their home among mankind, has a Blockbuster appear within its first few seconds.  This isn't just set dressing for a period gone by. 
Fuck   is just feminist and she was so disrespectful against stanlee's death and I won't be watching Captain marvel in cinemas also and Plzz  stop making shit movies like Captain marvel and when I saw the trailer the movie looked so lame . 
‘Captain Marvel will return’ is going to look so good on big screen
I can’t wait for March! Not only I will be going to Disney, but I will also be watching  for my birthday. It’s going to be epic!  
if we dont get peggy and carol in captain marvel i will scream
.    No one messes with  ... Avengers #8 was great... 
@MiniB622 Just saw Marvel Rising Secret Warriors Such an amazing movie, can’t wait to see more of this team!! @MarvelStudios @CaptMarvelNews @chloebennet Love Quake and Captain Marvel
The updated '  logo Out on 28 February 2019 in Singapore 
The fact that I’m so over excited about there finally being a female superhero lead movie (Captain Marvel) tells you how slowly our world, even in 2018, is progressing to the point where women are allowed to lead and make headway as individuals
Who is excited for Captain Marvel?! @MarvelStudioshttps://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
"Shazam Introduces More Tonal Diversity" - Part of How The DCEU Is Rebooting In 2019 via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2FyJsgB
— would have apologized almost instantly. "You know, I think I just might go along with this, and if they call me up onto the stage, I'll give my best... / beside/ imagine the press 'Magician, turns Captain Marvel /INVISIBLE/'" a loud bundle —
Really awesome first trailer!! I'm really looking forward to March 2019!   
I had the honor of hosting the  contest for the kids  . They were all so cute and had amazing costumes! I was      girl
1. Kate Bishop 2. Captain Marvel 3. America Chavez #Top3MarvelFemales
What's up with the timeline in the Captain Marvel trailer?  Here's our attempt at straightening out the timeline to understand how things fit into the larger MCU narrative:  
This happens AFTER DK pees on him though. It's a complicated plot, but Captain Marvel and Ant Man and Groot are all there so it's fun. 
OFFICIAL!  announce  area at Disney booth in Brazil’s CCXP! AAA 
the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer just played on all of the demo tvs at target and NO I’M NOT CRYING IT’S JUST LIKE   DUSTY OR SOMETHING
Just in case you haven't seen the  poster...  ?   ()
Moxie has been Wonder Woman and Super Girl for Halloween so far. This year we’re doing Captain Marvel.  But where are all the kids Captain Marvel costumes???  Do we risk waiting for them to pop up?
hey guys i know we're all hyped for captain marvel and a4 but don't forget that next week we'll have venom and into the spider-verse in december AND PLEASE DON'T FORGET FFH IN JULY 2019
I’ve never felt so badass.  Tell your girls they can be princesses if they want, but why not be the most powerful Avenger in the universe.   from all of us at !!
SOOOO PROUD!!  just hit ONE MILLION LIKES (thumbs up) ON YOUTUBE! ONLY  achieved that mark with a single trailer!  SHOUT OUT TO MY  !!!! AAA ALMOST 40M views AAA
Ok who #trailered better @captainmarvel or @DarkPhoenix2019 @SuperheroPOLL @MoviePolls4U #FilmTwitter #PodernFamily
There are so many I’m excited for! Um... I think I’m MOST excited to see Captain Marvel.  
my local bargain store has the civil war II individual issues in a bundle for $4.99 AND captain marvel’s #1 for $4.99...... we love a SCAM. a tru scam
  We literally can't keep up with the news on this week's podcast  We talk       and more! Subscribe to the  podcast for more news every week!
I AM excited for  because it’s gonna show more female-led superhero movies are neeeded and Because Ronan the Accuser is back and he’ll likely be better developed here than he was in Guardians of the Galaxy. 
Our London   is LIVE!✧  Watch it now:        er
CLARK GREGG Has Perfect Response to His Younger Look in 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Trailer 
Me: Happy Halloween, Captain Marvel! Girl dressed as Carol Danvers, but with the lightning bolt not the star: See, HE knew who I was! #nerdhouse
Yes. And I look forward to are more Captain Marvel and Black Panther films as well as Eternals but I also want more diverse heroes so hopefully Kamala Khan or America Chavez get in for example. 
 Images From the Captain Marvel Trailer 
I want Captain Marvel to put me in a blood choke and send me off to Soul World. 
Captain Marvel as BR tweets 
I’ve seen it three thousand times but the transition from her to a hero in the captain marvel trailer still makes me jizz my pants
Captain Marvel #0 & 1-60 (Complete Series) Jim Starlin! Thanos! Drax! +BONUS! on eBay:    
 showed us that, even with the ,  was too strong to defeat, but was there a real reason for that? According to the  Prelude, there is. Dan reveals how on today's Nerdist News!  
Why Nick Fury waited so long to call Captain Marvel  
Are you excited for  ? 
RIP Stanlee. We miss you super hero    Studios  
's  shares her favorite love story:
Yeah maybe .....or? .     .
Here's a great picture of Cull, again showing that his sash is orange and purple and obviously is NOT Captain Marvel's sash. 
In the spirit of the NYCC, lets sketch a Marvel character yet to be done right in any movie. And looking at the Captain Marvel trailer and the fact that Gunn is done, now may never be. 
Check out  new look for Captain Marvel #2 coming out Feb 2019 + new characters design. 
Shoulda been Emily blunt. I was disappointed when she couldnt do the movie and they went with scarlett  Scarlett shoulda been captain marvel
So you hate Captain Marvel Jr suit...?
y’all saying the rip at the end of avengers are dumb real fans know it’s gonna pop up in captain marvel first
Captain Marvel  driving  away from relegation danger     
Hey, m'good bitches, let's assume that EVEN IF the old lady #CaptainMarvel is punching isn't a Skrull (even though she 100% is), the HERO OF THE STORY probably has a pretty good reason for it. In an initial teaser trailer. That gives us a whole minute of footage. Cool? Cool.
Damn they really going all out for the new captain marvel movie
O my beautiful   We are maadly waiting for   
I do feel like R Truth ends up being the Captain Marvel for 
156 days till Captain Marvel  212 days till Avengers 4  245 days till Spider-Man far from home
Happy birthday to the most powerful hero in the MCU and our , ! Sacramento/Elk Grove pride!
I'd love to see  give us an opportunity to see a woman hep raise up another as Carol climbs. It's just BEGGING to be done.   
CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND SPIDERVERSE TRAILER PLAYED IM SHAKIFNN
these 2 dudes i work with were talking about how excited they are for captain marvel and one of them called her "the superman of marvel" WHOLESOME
Someone actually recognized me as captain marvel!! A whole family that was dressed as the incredible
How ‘Captain Marvel’ Co-Writer Nicole Perlman Bucked the Hollywood System to Make Her Directorial Debut by   
Logic says since Nick Fury is the only connection to Captain Marvel on the earth that he should be the one to introduce her but I guess we gotta resort to counting lines without thinking about WHY a character has more lines in trailer, a trailer.
You know this is a scene from Captain Marvel when you see a young 
can we uh... get captain marvel (2019) dir. anna boden and ryan fleck news
 writer reveals new costumes for Spider-Woman, Echo, & Hazmat! - 
Watch: The 'Captain Marvel' Trailer Recut in Chronological Order  
Guess I can't see Captain Marvel or Dark Phoenix. 
Phil Coulson back in action on the film side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. We need a new Captain Marvel trailer. 
Happy Birthday to Captain Marvel herself  ~
i think carol’s captain marvel costume is my favorite
Carol Danvers is a Red Sox fan!
Got called Captain Marvel by @KarenKilgariff. I've leveled up.
who else is gonna be bawling when captain marvel and avengers 4 hits theaters, and we see stan lee's last two cameos for the last time ever? #RIPStanLee
I really want Captain Marvel but since she will be in A4 and that is the conclusion to a 10 year story that is the no brainer.
omg nothing but respect for MY captain marvel 
They are coming HOME!     4              ist    
I've got a feeling Captain Marvel will be the most giffable movie ever and I can't wait
Captain Marvel (Comic Book version)  is now live and available for free download at  !  with  VX and Zmorph silver PLA.    Download Link:  
The mighty Mr Rune Temte in training for  
I think Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) would respect all the hardships Eddie endured, and that he turned away from villainy.
The Avengers when  finally arrives back to Earth 
Captain Marvel looks really dull I feel like if the trailer was exactly the same but it stared a man instead of a woman… — it’s one of the worst cbm trailers lmfao. BUT i still think it’ll be good. just a badly edited trailer https://curiouscat.me/razaazar/post/704294253?t=1541959828 …
The news cycle is moving so fast that the Captain Marvel trailer dropped, with minimal discussion. A shame. I liked it.
Had good trailers on Venom: Spider-Verse, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, First Man IMAX, and Creed II.   Can’t wait for Creed II. The sequel to the best Rocky movie: 
Iron Man 3D Hoodie - Free Shipping Worldwide!       infinitywar   comics     art    
'Captain Marvel' And 'Birds Of Prey' Are The Future Of Comic Book Superhero 
Thanks to  we have the "stellar " base for  Don't forget that.  sArmy  
year in activism   -lost track of how many times I saw Black Panther (NOTE: don’t necessarily say “wakanda forever” to every black person you see)  -tweeted to defendThe Last Jedi countless times (haven’t seen the movie but sure it’s good)  -already have ticket for Captain Marvel
“Captain Marvel” by Mioree 
Can't wait to see the MCU version of ROGUE which likely means the real comic book version, since they can connect her to CAROL DANVERS, who she gets all her rad powers from. But I'm not sure CAPTAIN MARVEL fans are gonna like that happening on screen. 
guess who’s gonna be in a captain marvel costume this december
Keep an eye out for Rune in upcoming Captain Marvel. 
Yes! @mstohl about what will make a great #CaptainMarvel movie “It’s about taking the character seriously, understanding her total arc, letting her own her story, showing the connection between the little girls and their heroes… 1/2
Who else is excited for the new  movie?! 
 captain marvel is already my fav <3 
captain marvel when she meets thanos 
Except she doesn't look badass. Sarah Connor looked badass. Ripley looked badass. Black Widow looked badass. Captain Marvel looks bored and mildly annoyed. 
Being a sexy captain marvel  
Captain Marvel March 8 2019 Dumbo March 29 2019 Avengers 4 May 3 2019 Aladdin May 24 2019 Toy Story 4 June 21 2019 Spider-Man Far From Home July 5 2019  The Lion King July 21 2019  Frozen 2 November 22 2019 Star... 
Rank Up Complete! CAPTAIN MARVEL is now 6★.  http://smarturl.it/gzcav2
Wonder Woman vs Captain Marvel  Who wins in a fight? 
If ant man and the wasp was released globally, at the same time, around august time and then captain marvel released a significant time before a4 itd give us time to appreciate the movies more and together
  Private Commission Pencils: Philip Tan Inks: Matt Batt Banning Almost done with CaptainMarvel!Just the background to wrap up                   
Happy Halloween    2018    Studios
Sketch done for a fan at ⁦⁩ .Mary(Captain) Marvel was popular this year! 
supergirl de injustice 2, captain marvel, killer frost, jean grey o wanda jeje
i asked this dude in my class to pick between superman and captain marvel and he picked captain marvel i officially stan that dude
avengers 4, spiderman far from home, captain marvel, game of thrones, new netflix series plus reboots of slasher films!!! 2019 is the year!!! 
Captain marvel,avengers,lion king,toy story 
captain marvel who? i only know wonder woman — stop pitting diana and carol against each other u rats https://curiouscat.me/tnstarkss/post/661520300?1538181372 …
I think my Carol Danvers love is showing  
   It's an almost new drawing style for me and new design language. So it's slightly awkward...started with Crowquills,but switched to Microns.    Family
—Thor Fact  - - Follow for more  Notifications On. - -                      
We already got the Captain marvel trailer and it looks like trash
Here's my new #CaptainMarvel Promo Easter Eggs!  #IronMan #Avengershttp://youtu.be/crj8vtjbo4Y?a
I'm just trying on clothes    
You’ve seen the BADASS  trailer. Now you must know how she became the HER-o she is! Pick up The Life of Captain Marvel #3 OUT TODAY!  Carol’s DEFINITE ORIGIN STORY by ! Issues 1/2 were sold out, you’ll not want to miss #3! Art by  
redraw of my casual captain marvel art because for some reason people liked it 2017 x 2018 
Hey  , reading the  of  and must say that's dope , can't wait for   trailer 
Captain Marvel Prelude Comic Explained| Avengers 4 Trailer Update & Prelude Comic      
Video: What If  WAS In  -  
She only have Room and it barely had 100 millions  Kong was a succesful sequel so it doesn't count  Captain Marvel is popular bc it's a marvel film. Until now she needs to carry her own film and be successful and awarded at the same time
Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic - http://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk?a
THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE VENOM IN THE CINEMA I MAY HAVE CRIED AGAIN
THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND IT LOOKED SO GOOD IT WAS SO HIGH QUALITY ON THE BIG SCREEN LETS GO LESBIANS
I highly believe Captain Marvel will be either in the bottom of Tier 1 or the top of tier 2 
Higher, Further, Faster!  I’m halfway done with making my  cosplay! Ahh! So proud!   cosplay  
Me: *mentions Samuel L. Jackson being de-aged in Captain Marvel*  Person: "Oh that's right, he plays Luke Cage."  Me: 
You know what's funny? If you said "RottenTomatoes critics are out of touch" people would've agreed with you.  This however...this does not do your Captain Marvel movie any favors. With anyone. At all. 
Great piece. I’ve told my kids that the best time to see the title to Avengers 4 is at the end of the credits of Captain Marvel. “Captain Marvel will return in Avengers...” Any early trailer can just remind us of Thanos finger snap.
 A5: In comics, Starlin's Death of Captain Marvel is still moving and powerful... mainly because Marvel never brought him back. I also love Jean Grey's death in Dark Phoenix Saga, though they cheapened it later.  Oh, and Spock's death in Wrath of Khan. Epic.
Did you know that in 2019 there is a Marvel or DC superhero movie once a month from March through August, beginning with Captain Marvel and ending with The New Mutants? (And it's possible some months there could be more than one, if I missed one).
These days I find myself wishing more and more that we lived in a world of super heroes like Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel. We don’t so I’m eternally grateful the the every day wonder women who are trying to save us all.
My defense of the  movie, the trailer, and the concern between the seriousness and the apparent lack of personality in the movie.  Anyone wanna comment with their thoughts?     
i saw venom yesterday and they showed the captain marvel trailer before and i almost died
Check out Funko Pop! Stan Lee Gold NYCC Exclusive #3 Signed Autographed Excelsior w/ COA  ⁦         ⁠ ⁠     
   It’s tough some days reconciling the two sides to myself: Carol Danvers and Captain Marvel. For a long time, longer than I care to admit, I wasn’t Carol Danvers. It’s hard to explain, but it’s like in my mind Captain Marvel and Carol Danvers couldn’t co-exist 
After spending all day in only one page (this was not an easy one), made this quick Super-Skrull just for fun!        comics
Well I guess I gotta go see Venom in theaters just so I can see Captain Marvel's trailer on the big screen
I am looking forward to Captain Marvel. I just hope the... "stans" don't ruin it for me.
MARVEL STUDIOS Logo Gets a Gold Makeover in 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Trailer 
Did you spot Carol Danvers wearing Randolph  in the Captain Marvel trailer?    See for yourself!  
Is Brandon Routh the only actor to play 3 different Dc characters over three different media Superman from the movies, Atom from tv and now Captain Marvel/Shazam in the new Dc Lego game
It’s amazing what you can find in a two minute trailer if you set aside your white male privilege...     Trailer   
Me and the Defenders after Captain Marvel completely wrecks Thanos: 
I avoid trailers and promo material for most movies, especially ones I know I’m gonna see. Going into a new film blind, with no expectations, is just more fun.  Somehow I dreamed I watched a few action-packed seconds of the Captain Marvel trailer. Woke up mad at my imagination.
“Respect !” by 
This month the Avengers 4 trailer drops! You already know how I feel about it lol     comics cinematicuniverse    studios
My call to those to support  at the box office over International Women’s Day Weekend and it’s global run. 
I’m thinking the same thing I cannot believe how close it is to . Just a little less than 120 days. 
No.  NBC got that more or less right, Captain Marvel is pretty much the most powerful living being in the Marvel universe.  There were some more powerful than her, like the Beyonder, but they've been "retired."
If you’re shocked that Captain Marvel punches an old lady in the face in the new trailer, don’t worry - the movie will make it clear it’s because she said, “Cheer up, it might never happen!” 
Same @Marvel give us #AbigailBrand
Avengers 4 Art... Courtesy of  . For More Like This Follow  .               4  studios  
To all the people saying “nay! There must be only a single !”... Conics were making fun of this for a looong while, folks. This one from Uncanny  153:
omg it looks SO good!!!! you’re so fucking talented at makeup!!
 Gets Legends Figures From Hasbro  
(Whiz Comics #67, Sept-Oct 1945; written by Otto Binder, pencils by C. C. Beck, inks by Pete Costanza)        
Ep 114 Dave & Jay catch up on life.  in 5min(ish) for  & . All new  w/ wife  for .  reviews & movie drunk scene. Plus our   Remakes    
 a true legend.  [ IG- DESTINEXIA ]
#CaptainMarvel is considered one of the most powerful heroes in the Marvel universe, and fans are hoping the film will answer some lingering questions from 'Avengers: Infinity War' http://bit.ly/2xml2QR
Hey this movie
new movies || CAPTAIN MARVEL PRELUDE #1 Shows Us What Nick Fury and Maria Hill Were Up to Before Becoming Dust 
remember when the captain marvel trailer hadn’t dropped?? omg how did we live-
Captain Marvel survives running through a 5th Dimensional firestorm in JSA #36.  This is one of Captain Marvel's best durability feats. 
Meet Captain Marvel, the scrappy, persistent heroine we need. http://bit.ly/2xyBpcv  // @LaineyGossip
Scarlett Johansson appeared as Black Widow in 6 movies for MCU. People wanted to see her get a solo film since forever. Yet, Captain Marvel gets a movie out of nowhere. So that general audience can know who's that lady in Avengers 4. But yeah Feige has a big plan. Fuck you.
I own it, enjoyed it and would pay for a sequel. On the other hand you would have to pay me to read trash like X-Men Red, Squirrel Girl, Captain Marvel etc.
carol fans need to stop being pissy about dc's captain marvel
2.Captain Marvel Rumors [1]  -Captain Marvel's arc is about shifting her allegiance from favoring the Kree to rebonding with mankind. -Ronan and Mar-Vell turn on Captain Marvel as they differ on humans. Mar-vell dies and Ronan turns to Thanos.
Why is life not fair I just don't get it and I don't wike it I don't wike.....meh     
Which word or title is more iconic: Captain Marvel or Shazam? I find myself leaning towards Shazam. Not as a name, but just the words themselves. (I'm sure @CaptMarvelTalk has covered this in the past as well but I may have missed it)
i want a captain marvel shirt
I can't believe Captain Marvel was in Scott Pilgrim
captain marvel is best hero! 
 Captain Marvel: matchday two:   picks out six candidates for the armband – and double points – in this week's matches.
I’ve just seen the captain marvel trailer for the first time and i need a paramedic
We feel the need, the need to talk about 's Top Gun vibe in .  
I explain what it will take for Captain Marvel to become Marvel’s Wonder Woman in this week’s  column.
They say Not all superheroes wear capes, Neither my mother or captain marvel wears one. I just want you to know this mama, I’m gonna be big and I’m gonna make you proud
me when i eventually have to take the train to watch captain marvel while dressed as captain marvel: i sure hope there aren't any old ladies here today
Weird that a plot point in “Captain Marvel” is that Skrulls killed Blockbuster.
The Life of Captain Marvel doesn't offer just one new origin story, but two  
I feel like Thanos will make an appearance in Captain Marvel.
Here’s the opening to the 1970s #Shazam TV show! #CaptainMarvel (Opening Theme) https://youtu.be/TgXeXTuKGhM  via @YouTube
My  brushes arrived this morning and they're so pretty and so soft!!! I'm in love 
When your GIF goes viral and you get paid for it     
Captain Marvel reshoots begin in LA  
CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE VENOM 
She doesn't deserve to be Captain Marvel, she doesn't deserve to be in Stan Lee's movies. She could post a picture of Stan Lee and write some nice words, but instead she posted a picture of herself drinking something and wrote the most simple words. at least say sorry
I don’t think my students have noticed exactly how geeky my bag for classroom materials is this semester.  
So... What did everyone think of  Captain Marvel trailer today...?!  Art from the cover of my MARVELous Art 3 book, with colors by  
"Captain Marvel" Goes Too Far With The '90s Nostalgia  - CONAN on TBS https://youtu.be/90gqRSF4Ggc  via @YouTube
Captain Marvel movie starring an NPC? Many actors have always been threat blank slate delivering others words and approximations of feelings - this seems like an advancement in actor-NPC technology. 
Get ready to meet Captain Marvel at Disney California Adventure Park in early 2019 
I watched infinity war and amatw tonight and now I just wanna see captain marvel and A4 rn
Tbh I don’t think the movies need a Cap or Iron man. Have Black Panther and Captain Marvel take up the leadership roles.  But if their series was about who takes up the mantle that would honestly be cool too... with inspiration from the brubaker run. Have Lukin be the villain. 
Marvel is really gonna serve us a mediocre yt girl as Captain Marvel. Im mad
Here's my  from tonight's all-star  on my Youtube channel!  Every Tuesday, 7-9PM Make sure you sub so you never miss a show! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE0lNjInNEI … @ArtThibert @mbreitweiser @JonMalin @Cap_White @jerkmonger @GaryShipmanArtpic.twitter.com/DBaxtMI96J
She mad...real mad!     
Captain Marvel's official poster omg  
“Her/A Hero..”  
Imma keep it real  Venom, probs gonna be shit Aquaman will be good, really good Dark Phoenix I don’t even think it exists  Captain Marvel will be fantastic, so will Shazam. Avengers 4 will be better than Infinity War. SM will be amazing. New Mutants will surprise people 
'CAPTAIN MARVEL’ Trailer Offers Clue That JUDE LAW Could Be The Villain -  
Mutants being introduced in CAPTAIN MARVEL 2 could be worthwhile.. put them in space like they should be off-the-bat.
i love captain marvel's new suit  
Tracer: Binary Skin Inspired by Marvel's Captain Marvel   
She's here to kick ass, take names, and mostly not remember an entire life that she had on Earth. Here is our breakdown of the  trailer, including an explanation for punching this old lady:   
So yeah -  being at  next year for  Season of Superheroes is a thing!   
i just realized captain marvel comes out on international women's day 
I think I'm going to reach out to City of Hope and ask if they might want me to visit kids as Captain Marvel. I'm really excited to potentially do it! I hope they allow that kind of thing.
Look what a buddy just sent me: the official teaser poster for theaters for   
7  Hallmark  Comics Valentines 1980 - , , The Beast. Buy on !
 is racking up the views with over 109 million views of the trailer so far! 
In the second half last night Pogba was magnificent as Box-to-Box, so good in defence the geniuses think he was a CB, he was also involved in our goals and central to our attacking play. Not unlike Captain Marvel in his heydays. #MUFC
Carol Danvers  aka Captain Marvel in my style  .  Are you excited?! I'm excited!!  .  .     fanart     https://www.instagram.com/p/BoFr0VyFcLD/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=tfdup66n2qpf …pic.twitter.com/e9GtCJoVgn
Spider-Man X-23 Sentry Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Superman   @BVMAGJy @InsurgencyNQ @mstark4050 @GeekWithThat @Sp1derV3n0m
there’s officially a year till nycc 2019 and this is going to be a year long journey to turn myself into the Best Captain Marvel Cosplayer... already saving up for the suit/wig/etc. so just. STAY TUNED!
We have a hope  She is arriving The new and powerful CAPTAIN  is coming And i wishing Meany more happy returns of the day    mam You are live long with happiness and success    wn
MARVEL'S FUTURE AVENGERS reveals the ANIME versions of CAPTAIN MARVEL, THE INHUMANS and more! 
bigger girls can do it too  
Iron Man origin: exciting, funny and engaging Captain America: respectful of WWII roots Spider-man: not necessary, we know it already Ant-man: who knew it would be so much fun? Captain Marvel: I dropped from the sky, and now I have amnesia like that episode of Gilligan's Island
So hoping the Captain Marvel film is all about how Rogue steals her powers
I am requesting a transfer to another show. Captain Marvel rules. 
RIP Stan Lee. May your legacy live forever.                 
when captain marvel pulls up on thanos in avengers 4: 
IT'S SITH LIST SUNDAY..so that means a new episode of TSL is hot off the presses!  We got your "WEEK in GEEK" covered:           on 
Captain Marvel Takes Flight At Disney Adventure Park Next Year -   -
I’m selling this captain marvel hoodie. i’ve tried it once but never actually wore it so it’s new basically.  SIZE: 2XL (but it fits smaller) PRICE: 35£ (i paid it 40£ so i guess it’s fair) SHIPPING: WORLDWIDE (the price varies from country to country)  dm me if interested  
FOTF Focus:  Will the Trailer for  Spoil the Plot of ? - by    Will the events of the new  trailer reveal the outcome of ’s Captain Marvel?  
Today is the birthday of Don Newton (November 12, 1934-August 19, 1984), who was lost too soon at the age of 49. Known for drawing the best run of Captain Marvel in the Bronze Age, he also worked on a variety of heroes, including Batman, the Phantom, Aquaman, & others. 
Second-to-last issue! This is the story you need to read before the movie. Get to know  for real. With flashback sequences from  in her Marvel debut!
Happy Birthday  aka  We're waiting for you!
How can you forget avengers 4 and captain marvel?! 
same here!! also with the new Avengers and Captain Marvel movies. the teasers are just fine. i dont need behind the scenes or trailers showing 70% of the movie ; - ;
RIP Captain Marvel! 
Very silly.  1. Jean, Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel. Arguably, some of the strongest characters is comics history.  2. Would they force girls to read comics to even the audience?  3. The ratio of male superheroes to female is almost balanced and not unfair. [use X-men as example] 
5 Things I love (Today). Tagged by @sarahremywrites!  1—My socks. Captain Marvel! 2—Free lunch @ work 3—Nikki (who wanted to play this am) and Darcy 4—Bag Man podcast 5—Leaves outside  Tagging: @meinterrupted, @BishopMOConnell, @Mollshka, @energizerwoman, @etoiline
1990's Nick Fury and a couple of other Captain Marvel figures are up for pre-order at reasonable prices on Amazon now: https://amzn.to/2Nw17cz
Some designs of alternative versions of Rogue and Captain Marvel I did for the Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel one-shot 
I've been working on a combo with Captain Marvel.  If anyone has any ideas on how to improve it, I'd appreciate the critiques.  The start of the combo feels pretty good to me but I feel like the ending could be stronger. @ anyone that might have an idea 
Avengers 4  Captain Marvel 
What makes a hero   
Captain Marvel is the 1st MCU prequel since Cap 1, their 1st Earth character exploring space (unless u count Quill), their 1st female led movie, and the 1st entirely new character since Doctor Strange  Has a lot of new/fresh things goin for it which is why im eager/excited for it
Definitely gonna try to do this shoot when I'm that cosplay done   
2019 is gonna be such a cool year?? i can already feel it? captain marvel, a4 (even tho it’ll probably break my heart) far from home.. UGH.
Yo! @79SemiFinalist, you're about to kill that new Captain Marvel book! Can't wait!
Leg armor is done   
Aktuelle Hype-Tabelle:  Bumblebee  Detective Pikachu  Godzilla: King of Monsters  Captain Marvel  Avengers 2
captain marvel is making me - a woman- finally feel strong and powerful and that’s why i love her so much 
   I finished after the trailer for the  came out was a fan of the all new captain marvel series    Studios    
Don’t worry, DC’s Aquaman movie is gonna beat marvels Captain Marvel movie hands down, save this tweet & say i told you so
Wait till Captain Marvel shows up.... Havoc 
The  trailer has been out for a few days now. Let's discuss her awesome costumes (And the appearance of her mohawk helmet!)  
I can't believe how far we have come. I am so excited for  being in  - his long awaited return to the MCU Movies is just    
Stupid it’s gonna b in captain marvel
110 days till captain marvel 
CAPTAIN MARVEL Gets a New Origin in LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 - SPOILERS   
I always try to dress as an empowering female for Halloween, so this year was a no brainer- can’t wait for  to hit theaters!!  
129 days for   
Official  hoodie! Omg! ALMOST SOLD OUT! Fly and get yours! 
 defending her planet Earth from aliens in ‘Captain Marvel’ #1 preview page! Art by  
On our 52nd outing (A WEEK LATE...blame Tim)...it's just Tim and Asa.   We are coving everything from     … https://www.instagram.com/p/BoNXX6dhZ0n/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ja5c8i8opuex …
if marvel introduces kamala khan in the post-credit scenes of captain marvel i will scream i don’t care if non desi folks look at me like i’m crazy
Give Carol Danvers an undercut you cowards  
I don’t dislike Captain Marvel, but I’m not gonna lie, this makes me roll my eyes so hard I can see my brain.  Car-Ell? Seriously? This is the laziest shit I’ve seen in a long time. Might as well just say she’s from Hypton and is here to protect Cityopolis  
Our Captain Marvel misses out the big game, who should replace him?    
 outpaces  &  in trailer viewings!
How many times are you going to hand off Captain Marvel to some weak ass writer and rewrite the series again??  We don’t want it. 
captain marvel vol 23
my tl is full of petermj content/captain marvel stuff :) I LOVE IT
Animated TV Show: combines child like fun with well thought out story lines and plenty of  captain marvel villains to use. 
here are a couple of the  EW exclusives showcasing Captain Marvel, a young Nuck Fury, Ronan and the Skrulls 
MARVEL fans are seeing this major connection between CAPTAIN MARVEL & AGENTS OF SHIELD - but is it real?  
Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8  via @YouTube
people are taking what zachary said seriously with those two fans dressed as shazam and captain marvel ???
Captain Marvel Will Take Place In 1995   
  12.14.18  12.21.18  3.8.19  4.5.19 Which  are you most excited for?  Follow  for  &        
me still screaming and texting all my friends about carol 12 hrs since the captain marvel trailer released: 
[Because ‘ (Education-Entertainment)‘ is Important for Progress] ‘ ‘Captain Marvel’ flies into theaters on March 8, 2019. Avengers 4 arrives a few months later on May 3, 2019.’  | Inverse 
my parents gave me captain marvel vans oH
i wonder which captain marvel characters will be victims of the snap
#MCU Schedule as of 11-18-2018  Captain Marvel: 109 days * Avengers 4: 165 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 228 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Day Of The Dusted.
Bonus tweet: Found the best version I can share (for now) of the Captain Marvel #1 colored pages. Enjoy the amazing colors by !
My act of service for today is to share with the world this gif I made of Captain Marvel punching an elderly lady* in the face.  *obviously a Skrull, people - do you even comic books?  cc  @DiversityAndCmx    
Imagine thinking critics are in any way fair when they're currently heaping praise on Captain Marvel for the exact same reasons they celebrated Zack Snyder going through one of the hardest things a human being can go through.
At least we will see him in   and  RIP legend  We Love You Stan
11-12-18  116 days until Captain Marvel 172 days until Avengers 4 236 days until Spider-Man Far From Home
Happy Birthday      
You have to admit, Captain Marvel looks like someone waiting in line at the DMV, I was spot on.
Looks like I’ll have some extra candy after all. Sad I didn’t see any #CaptainMarvel costumes. To all, #HappyHallloween and good night!
I already know I’m gonna fall so hard for captain marvel, she already owns my ass
Didn't realize Captain Marvel was coming out in November  
I shouldn't be shocked that there are losers out there trying to pick fights about how the Wonder Woman film will better than the Captain Marvel film. As if there can't be two good things simultaneously. I'll never understand some people's intense desire to pick "sides." 
Thank God the game is over... I was gonna have to find Thanos to end it or page Captain Marvel, somethin'.   Have fun on the freeways back home, Dodger fans that stayed!  #WorldSeries #Dodgers #RedSox #WorldSeries2018
Liked on YouTube: Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown https://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4
U EVER JUST REMEMBER WE REALLY REALLY GETING A CAPTAIN MARVEL MOVIE LIKE ITS REALLY HAPPENING BITCH
Captain Marvel vs. Atrocitus              
dear people who wanna die:  please dont.  this 2019 is gonna be crazy!  -Dumbo -Alladin -The lion king -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Pokemon
New  reshoot photos showcase  & ! - 
Pretty ridiculous what an uneven spread of VFX Oscar contenders we have between years. 2018 is empty. 2019 has Alita, Ad Astra, Avengers 4, Mowgli, Chaos Walking, Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Aladdin, Shazam, Hellboy, Missing Link, Detective Pikachu, Godzilla 2, Dark Phoenix, (1/2)
We're back! Episode 10 with ,  and me. We talk Kavanaugh, (bc of course) Captain Marvel and the November elections. Give us a listen and rate us on iTunes. Share and subscribe also please. Thank you. https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/everything-but-nothing/id1406893962?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504519486 …
It’s been one week since school started and I’m already SWAMPED but in other news I’ll be streaming on Twitch later tonight!! Go follow me over there        cosplay  
Disney: Hey, ABC. Can you do us a favor and make the headline suggest we gave the world the first female led superhero movie, but have the correct headline in the article, so there's plausible deniability? *hands over check*  
You probably thought that first pic of Captain Marvel was done, but here she is all finished.  It’s probably my favorite commission from NYCC. 
I SAW A  POSTER AT THE CINEMA 
YES  I am a REAL MARVEL FAN, Captain Marvel DIDNT PUNCH  an OLD LADY it was a SKRULL, SUCK IT casuals! I know things ugh these filthy non fans UGH THE MCU IS COOL (what is a comic) 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54?a  5 REASONS WHY CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FAIL
Get you a girl who can do both...  
Yeah we need superheroes to take him down. Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel.
ICYMI : Guests will be able to encounter  at  in early 2019:  
Thor and Captain Marvel
ปู่สแตน ลีถ่าย Cameo ไว้ 3 เรื่องนี่ใช่ Captain Marvel , Avengers 4, Far From Home ปะเนี่ย ถ้าเป็น Far From Home นี่อย่างเศร้าอะ
there’s a little girl wearing a captain marvel costume
Captain Marvel Mary Sue   
Twitter Trend 2018-09-19 07:00:01 1. #จากกันด้วยดี 2. #Lullaby 3. #SS7EncoreinBKK 4. #CaptainMarvel 5. #บาปรัก
ฉันชอบวิดีโอ @YouTube http://youtu.be/e6TRITFjGZQ?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer NEW International (2019) Superhero Movie
Just like captain marvel, my mum is super strong, her durability level is Godlike, she’s smart . The person I am becoming is all thanks to her guidance. My love for my real life superhero knows no bounds. , I love you 
With  and Captain Marvel himself   
Captain Marvel release date : 8 March 2019  Wonder Woman initial release date : 1 Novenber 2019
Get out there and Rock the Vote - new  image via .  !
This has been a crazy week for Carol! I'm joined by  &  on the newest episode of the Captain Marvel Podcast! We discuss the trailer and The Life of Captain Marvel 1-3. 
NEW Captain Marvel Logo 
I really want to cosplay Captain Marvel...
Xcoser Civil War Captain America 3 Steve Rogers Cosplay Costume  Price: $229,00  SHOP NOW:        
1. spider-man (peter parker) 2. wonder woman  3.robin/nightwing (dick grayson) 4 .the flash (barry allen) 5. winter soldier (bucky barnes)  6. black canary  7. captain marvel (carol danvers) 8. kid flash (wally west) 9. black widow  10. batman 
News has it that captain marvel has lost her powers... As mama klaus enter the place.. She became a marvel for all to see.. My life saver... My first love... Who watched me grow when sleeping on my cradle bed.. I love u mummy  
What are we going to be angry about today? Options,  Nigerian Air Police arraigning Adeleke/ Adeosun went scot free Wizkid Nass on lockdown while Saraki is on campaign trail Linda Ikeji having a baby while celibate Captain Marvel not getting enough lines in her own trailer?
, even Captain Mar-Vell calls Carol, CAR-ELL!!!!  
For the first time ever, guests can encounter Captain Marvel as part of an action-packed, day-long celebration aboard select Disney Magic sailings with @DisneyCruise Line!https://bit.ly/2JpmfLZ
hello i'm a new seb stan acc & i need more mutuals so if you like -sebastian stan -captain america -bucky barnes -chris evans -tom hardy -stucky -captain marvel -anything marvel related i'll follow you back
“You screwed up, Avengers. That’s human. What is also human is the ability to learn form those mistakes." Cosplayer:   Cosplay: Captain Marvel Photographer: Nick Sullivan  Make Up:       
LOOK AT THIS STANCE. She blows my mind   
CBM’s I’m excited for:  Into the Spider-Verse (Everything else below is not in order)  Aquaman Avengers 4 Far from Home Captain Marvel Joker WW84 Glass (does that count as one) Shazam Hellboy Spawn
This is why I love Captain Marvel. 
Remember when the captain marvel trailer came out then twitter forgot about it after like 2 weeks 
Daily Bugle Funnies [Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel - Halloween Spooktacular (2018) #1] via /r/comicbooks  
KEVIN SMITH Calls 'CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer "Breathtaking" and "Brilliant"  
What we picking up today Folks?          
So Disney is just going to own Spring and most of summer with this Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. That mouse has his foot on all the other studios necks right now. 
Us MCU fans next year after both Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 comes out 
• Captain Marvel will be having having her Meet n Greet wiith guests in 2019
i cried when the captain marvel trailer was played before venom in imax 3d
 or  putting the smack down on his gma? 
Captain Marvel takes place in 1995. This begs the question: Do they know who shot Mr. Burns, or are they still speculating? 
#ESPECTÁCULOS Captain Marvel muestra el músculo http://ow.ly/JT8U30lT96J
Stan Lee had already filmed his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/stan-lee-dead-avengers-4-cameo-captain-marvel-a8631646.html?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1542117297 …
Captain Marvel Trailer Criticism Deemed Racist 
And the fact he says in the trailer “We need you” to Captain Marvel shows how strong and powerful a character she is
⁦ Captain Marvel arrived early for candy consumption. ⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩
Find out why Nick Fury made ‘that call’ at the end of  from “Marvel Studios’ Captain Marvel Prelude” writer :
i’m finally seeing venom and the first ad is for captain marvel i love that for me
 as captain marvel 
coulson better talk about may in captain marvel 
SEVEN movies ??? featuring miss CAPTAIN MARVEL ??????? lesbians: 1 homophobes: 0
Here's our BRAND NEW  Cosplay video! with all types of awesome from  to  and even things that don't start with the letter C! Check it out and if you like it don't forget to share!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kkdw1FyBLA … #MCMcomiccon #MCMLondon #Cosplaypic.twitter.com/1AFX55AGWx
 and . Both their origins are tied to the Kree. Both have been part of The Avengers. Both are powerful, assertive and multidimensional women. Both should appear on a  film, together.   Please make this happen,   
This SIGNED Captain Marvel lithograph premieres tomorrow at  — Piazza Napoleone at Booth NAP249!  Can't make it to the con? Starting tomorrow, you can pre-order it here:     
Want you to feel loved, hugged and fullfilled with positive energy every single day of your life, ! YOU’LL NEVER BE ALONE. At your service my  
The best cameo for Stan Lee in Captain Marvel:  There’s a photo of Stan at S.H.I.E.L.D base   Carol: Who’s this? Nick Fury: It’s a hero  
Sigh      
if some sensitive men aren’t going to see captain marvel guess i’m just gonna have to see it 500 times in theaters for them. this bitch is getting ALL my coins and no one can stop me
Nicely done, Agent Aguiler (Coulson)
“Shazam!”Happy Saturday!   (art by )
I need to make sure to watch Captain Marvel and Aquaman on the release day because otherwise it'll get ruined by spoilers 
if captain marvel is getting this much hate even before her movie comes out imagine what stan twitter is going to do to kamala. im ready to fight just thinking about it. 
We have James Gunn to thank for the success of the Cosmic MCU. Gunn chose Ronan and Korath for Guardians of the Galaxy. Both characters will appear in Captain Marvel. Please don't forget the legacy this film is built on.   
We first met 's  a month ago  – what's your favourite moment from the trailer? 
Obvious: The old lady Captain Marvel punched is a Skrull.  Plot Twist: Captain Marvel actually punched an old lady and Avengers 4 will be the story of protagonist and balance lover Thanos fighting an insane Captain Marvel to save the Universe.. again.   
New 'CAPTAIN MARVEL' Video Shows Detailed Look at Costume 
’s  ships  &  thanks to new  photo! - 
Carol Danvers made several points when she punched the fuck out of that old white lady in the Captain Marvel trailer 
‘Captain Marvel’s cat has a cameo on the official poster – here’s what you need to know about him: https://trib.al/7qiQ5kQ
 alumnus  (BFA 2009 Illustration) posts sketches and drawings on Twitter every day and they are awesome! Catch her at  next week starting Oct 4-7.     
i love the captain marvel trailer just as much as i love  (which is a lot)
So Captain Marvel is basically Man of Steel with a female lead? I wonder if critics of Zack Snyder will spit all over MARVEL for the same reasons they didn't like MOS? It's nice to see  colors accepted in Superhero films again!
Avengers 4, captain marvel, Star Wars episode 9
the ending of 2018 and 2019 are filled with so many exciting movies like . Venom. Bohemian Rhapsody. Bumblebee. Into the spider verse. Destroyer. Captain Marvel. Avengers 4. Toy story 4. Spiderman far from home & so many others i can't wait to be broke AND have my life ruined
Sorry to remind you of this, but CHRISTMAS IS COMING! I always get nervous sending orders out close to the time in case they don't make it, so if you want any of my prints - order soon! Pls RT :)     
word. i don’t even wanna watch Captain Marvel anymore
Christopher Reeve's Superman was the answer to "What if you mashed Captain America and Captain Marvel together?" An innocence, and yet a strength from that innocence. You believed in him cause he believed in everyone. 
Nuevo logró de  la película de  llegara a los cines en abril de 2019  
And then Target gets even better  
I've got a BUNCH of  pieces coming as I'm getting caught up. First up: Day 15 - ! Turns out, I LOVE drawing Carol. Go check out ' amazing version of the MCU version.  6x9, $40 shipped, for sale.
It could!  Also - Captain Marvel himself was romantically interested in her at one point, asking her out on a date.  So there's support for it. 
This is obvi a publicity stunt to sell out the next movie... captain marvel gon bring back Stan Lee
Honestly so excited for: Toy story 4 Pokemon Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Child's Play Lion King  What else did I miss? #2019
I wouldn't be surprised if Captain Marvel was the catalyst of their deaths. Phase 3 is an ongoing chain of events.
1a. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 1b. Wonder Woman 3. Thor (Jane Foster) 4. She-Hulk 5. Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew) 6. Rachel Grey 7. Storm 8. Kitty Pryde 9. Jean Grey 10. Rogue 
scott lang is gonna be so amazed by captain marvel. literally in awe. they’ll be so powerful together
“This idea of these fantasy figures, I actually think this is the wrong image we ought to be pushing. I think little boys are actually harmed by these super hero images,” said @ChavezLinda concerning her thoughts on Captain Marvel and super hero movies in general. #CaptainSwan
I don't like when people ask who is the true captain Marvel. SHAZAM is as important as Captain Marvel from Marvel. Different franchise. Different powers there is simply two true captain Marvel. No big deal. //
Bathong Captain, keng nkare you're saying goodbye. Kanti isn't Captain Marvel going to save everyone!!!???  NO!  
“ Rises! All you need to know about Earth’s Mightiest Hero!  ” by 
'Captain Marvel' Does Not Owe You a Smile -- Get Over It    
i love my comic accurate !  
This week Jim&Ted cover  for   & compare to  with all this  we push into  & 's  wrapping up with the  of     
But it’s going to mean time off of work. She has a long recovery road ahead. Lost days mean lost pay. You know the drill.   I need her to be able to afford tickets for Captain Marvel. I am really going to try my hardest to make it to that one.
Jess: Are you sure youll be alright? Carol: Im not sure of anything Jess, except that I feel that this is something Ive got to do Jess: Still got your back, Kirk  Spider-Woman is KM_Caroline (Insta) Photo by     
! All your favourite Avengers are coming to the  Zone at Delhi  2018, including Captain Marvel!  Come meet them all, book passes now--->   
You know what would be funny? If Avengers 4 picks up from the part where Nick Fury pages Captain Marvel, but she's also been snapped out of existence by Thanos.
Oh snap! Legolas' pops is gonna be in Captain Marvel
On 2019 our souls will be blessed from this movie:  Spiderman: far from home Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Dark Phoenix  WHO'S EXCITED FOR 2019?????
So, given the timing of Captain Marvel, what's the over under on how many basic dudes are going to show up to parties next year in their Whatever and say "I'm a Skrull."
2019 is the year of women. we are going to have the movie of captain marvel, dark phoenix and wonder woman, three powerful and strong female characters are going to lead those films. i love how this sounds because we are finally getting what we deserve
This captain marvel trailer got me fucked up
Unused Super Powers Concept Number 4759.   
Usually, when movies make a marketing faux pas, it’s more along the lines of bad photoshop on a poster. But this week, Disney‘s Captain Marvel managed to accidentally advertise a phone sex hotline. Hardly an ideal outcome when you’re trying 
The Beast bounding down the hallway reminded me of the splash page from Avengers 167. I’d like to see Hank interact with Monica Rambeau’s Captain Marvel. Seems fun. 
Marceline, Captain Marvel, and Emily from Corpse Bride would be cool as well. Those are maybes for me.
can’t wait for captain marvel wow she’s going to kick everyone asses
Idc how much money it cost I'm gonna spend my money to watch Loki Wanda bucket and Sam shows if the nick fury show is real I'ma watch that also. Plus all the MCU MOVIES will be on the including captain Marvel avengers 4 and Spider-Man far from home. Going forward YEET 
Not to be dramatic, but the Captain Marvel Vans are sold out so what’s the point of living anymore? 
¿Les gusta este arte conceptual de ? 
For the record, I do hope that out of the fifty million things DC has announced that NEW GODS gets made. But this and the whole Captain Marvel thing remind me why I utterly despise the Marvel/DC fanboy pissing match and how it’s tainted the well of fandom.
Heard the captain marvel trailer is out
I’M REALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW MARVEL HAS BLESSED ME TODAY!! FIRST A CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND NOW A LOKI SPIN OFF SHOW?? 
Drawing Captain Marvel!   I loved the trailer, can’t wait to see the movie~     Trailer Challenge   
FOUR MONTHS UNTIL #CaptainMarvel. UNBELIEVABLE
The only Marvel movies to have more trailer views than  in the first 24 hours are Thor: Ragnarok and Infinity War.   Don’t let anyone try to tell you it was a disappointing trailer launch or there’s no interest in the movie. 
omg can time move forward to when captain marvel is out. im dyinnn rn
AVENGERS 4: ULTRON RETURNS ??? MARVEL SETS UP POSSIBILITY in NEW PRELUDE COMIC https://youtu.be/JAmzpm9NS3c  via @YouTube #Avengers #Avengers4 #Marvel #MarvelComics #CaptainMarvel
New Captain Marvel poster contains a furry Easter Egg  
some people are really naive to judge that captain marvel punched an old woman and how she doesnt smiled a lot on a 1:56 minute trailer with out knowing its context oof i have to laugh 
Just an awesome Spider-Man Noir commission by Captain Marvel artist ! So good. Could possibly be an Enter the Spider-verse variant cover, ?
2) Feige also shared some details about Captain Marvel's specific comics inspiration:  
Hey, , give the rights to the name  back to !
- wonder woman - batgirl (stephanie brown) - batwoman - supergirl - the atom - captain marvel - shazam - valkyrie - batman - nightwing 
Final reading tonight....Whiz Comics #2, the first appearance of Captain Marvel. Probably the Golden Age Age comic I’ve read the most times but I never get tired of it. 
Chris Evans, Jeremy Renner lead Avengers in reacting to Captain Marvel trailer  
mano acabei de ver uma pessoa que usa o icon e user da captain marvel defendendo o biroboro OLHA SÓ A AUDÁCIA DA DESGRAÇADA QUE NÃO TEM O MÍNIMO DE CONHECIMENTO SOBRE A PERSONAGEM  A CAROL É TOTALMENTE O OPOSTO DO QUE ESSE SER DEFENDE 
A4 and Captain Marvel have been there for a while.  
I can FINALLY share with u all what I've been up to all summer!  has her own Little Golden Book, and I had the honor of illustrating the whole thing! Book is written by one… https://www.instagram.com/p/BofPmupB2g8/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1mizcqgzlwd6t …
2019 is a big pog. hyped for captain marvel, avengers 4 Aladdin Shrek 5 (obviously) Lion King IT 2 (   ) Star Wars and Glass, and Alita look interesting.
Catch her in theaters on March 8th   
forget captain marvel, the most powerful avenger is BooBoos credit to  for this creation
On sale NOW at      is , ,  and suffers electrically induced !  wwomen   
She's not smiling, but this might make you smile. Marvel Gallery - Captain Marvel Figure:  
10. Captain Marvel  — Jumat, 08 Maret 2019 — 
The Nerds Bros Geek Show    - This episode of The Nerd Bro Geek Show is all about !   The anticipations, expectations, and speculations of the movie that will bring the infinite universe of Marvel together before one last show down with Thanos 
Here's Our First Captain Marvel Trailer Is Openly Pro-Corruption Now Lena Dunham Is Threatening Auras Compiles the Spotlight (and Hailey Baldwin Reportedly Took a Major in the War
‘Captain Marvel’ Easter Egg Believed To Have Been Found In ‘Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D.’  
The closest Captain Marvel and Loki cooperation we can get XDD 
double expectation  
I think it can capture the charm Captain Marvel once had, I enjoyed the N52 story but it’s time to go to basics (again) for Billy & co
idk what's worse the wonder woman stans acting like there can only be one standalone female superhero movie out there or the black widow stans who ignore captain marvel cause their uwu natasha didn't get her standalone movie first
1. The fight with Mongul in “For The Man Who Has Everything” 2. Asking Zod to step outside in SUPERMAN II. 3. Just about any time he fights with Captain Marvel/Shazam (especially “Kingdom Come” and the MAD “Superduperman” parody). 
 has superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, and the ability to fly. Her main power, however is energy projection and absorption. 
So the only real summary for the season is Mallory aka captain marvel is that Bitch and Satan never gives up...  
anyways ............ kamala khan post credit captain marvel scene
Purple dress day! (I'll either center my Captain Marvel poster or move it to another wall, but there was a nail there, so up she went) 
WAITING FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL #CaptainMarvel #marvelfanboy
I think there's actually a *lot* going on with the "Captain Marvel only has one facial expression" thing, but one of the big things is: these dudes have never in their lives felt the need to learn how to read a woman's expression.
I am happy I am part of marvel comics and movies        _India Studios
Captain Marvel zapped in chains. And they all your heart? What goes to me, Tell me whisper in her mind. She said we’re
Design of  as  by !
captain marvel: a lesbian story
Has Captain Marvel Finally Distanced Itself from Green Lantern?  
“Stan Lee will not return...” at the end of infinity war pt. 2  or captain marvel?
she posted this to “honor” stan lee  captain marvel sure is selfish 
Hey, , just from the only trailer we have, here are the 8  Pops I want. The one of her going binary should be a GITD, obviously. I also want a Movie Moment of her punching the old lady. Thanks for your time. 
Speaking of #CaptainMarvel. Higher. Further. Faster. #Leggo I'm so ready for this.https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
Thanos is already here. We’re just getting Captain Marvel bro. Haha
FASTEST TEASER / TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES #Sarkar  - 4hr45Min.  #InfinityWar - 21hrs.  #ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  #CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  #Venom - 12Days.  #Mersal - 23 Days.  #WorldMostLikedSARKARTeaser #Fastest1MLikesForSARKARteaser
Threw hands with that big captain marvel account
Captain Marvel (Official Trailer) - Icons like/reblog if you save/use or ©: spiderszman (twitter) https://tmblr.co/ZkFGSi2c9Kv0X
So  will officially be set in 1995, so I immediately need it to include a montage scene of  listening to Spice Girls on her Discman on the way to watch Toy Story 
franchise all over again. something i especially loved was the pure captain marvel aspect of kid adam becoming he man. in fact beck then i was inspired to do my won takes on she ra and yeah i pretty much went the same route a younger kid becoming a badass goddess 
Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/LUFuFgSTxAo?a  [Opinion] Captain Marvel pinta mal.
1) CM3 -  *Finally* getting around to the problem of not being able to say his own super name out loud, Freddie Freeman became a Teen Titan using his ability to transform into a super powered form previously known as Captain Marvel Jr. 
Love this show!!! So lucky to suit up as a Strong Female   
Rank Up Complete! CAPTAIN MARVEL is now 4★.  http://smarturl.it/gzcav2
"I'm not what you think I am."  Another photo of the Captain Marvel shoot for  !  Photos, makeup and edit by   Wig made and costume worn by   Cosplay sponsored by  !      
The Mighty Captain Marvel #0, #1, #2, #3, #4, #5 
Captain Marvel was announced before Wonder Woman
The 'Captain Marvel' screenwriter explains why she finally faced her fears and decided to direct her passion project. #FantasticFest https://buff.ly/2xD8gxx
Every flerken thing you need to know about the furry Easter Egg in 's poster  
 I created a watercolor based on the  logo. Can’t wait for the movie  
Captain Marvel is the easiest read, Pretty Deadly the toughest structurally, Bitch Planet the toughest emotionally.  Does that help?  Whatever you start with, I hope you dig. 
If there's something strange in you neighborhood Who you gonna call? () If there's something weird And it don't look good Who you gonna call? () 
 and Ms. Marvel admiring ’s  appreciation tweet. CUTEEEEEEE 
A new hero  A new hope  journey of   
“Doing the right thing is messy. You want to fight for what's right, sometimes you have to fight dirty.” - Deadpool Awesome booth  !!     monday cosplay    
SHAZAM is Captain Marvel
I just know this trailer is going to be way better than the movie #CaptainMarvel https://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc
Just saw this crop up online — the cover to issue 5 of The Life of Captain Marvel! Was so fun getting to draw Carol again    
so i combined one of my favorite captain marvel quotes with some of my favorite screenshots from the trailer and.. i’m emotional 
     infinitywar         good bye 
baby: “m-m-“  dad: “i think she’s trying to say mama!”  baby: “m-ma-march 8th, go see captain marvel in theaters”  mom&dad: “...”
He will definitely shows up in captain marvel since they wrapped the film so early, people just wondering if he will appears in avengers 4 and spiderman2. But sadly Spider-Man 2 maybe the last “real cameo” he did
me entering the cinema on captain marvel's opening day 
 at my local theater last night!   
Captain Marvel's longest unresolved plot:  Does he care about Beautia? 
Q6 - Which “Grey’s Anatomy” star voices Captain Marvel in Marvel Rising: Secret Warriors?  #MarvelRising
Captain Marvel Star Mckenna Grace Cast in Annabelle Sequel  
How would you describe Captain Marvel? — Frustrated cat lady. https://curiouscat.me/refan227/post/659743798?1537834256 …
Just who is Jude Law playing in ? And what exactly are the Kree? We've got all the answers you need. Here's everything you need to know about Marvel's first solo female superhero film:   
Captain Marvel's co-creator C.C. Beck never seemed to understand what the problem was and he continued to draw black characters in the same offensive manner for the rest of his career. Steamboat was even included as a character in Captain Marvel's DC revival in Shazam #1.
Once we get a first look at Batwoman, I wonder if the USMA will tweet about it like the USAFA did for the Captain Marvel trailer. I hope so.
But captain marvel is coming to kill thanos?  And is the strongest character in the MCU?  Lemme stop,y’all just like to complain without information 
Daughter of , formerly  and .  10 Things about Phyla-Vell (Explained in a Minute) | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via      
I love sketchy Carol. There's something about sketches that are just cool.  
Definitely Captain Marvel 
I'm a magical girl now      
me walking into the cinema to watch captain marvel knowing full well that the end credit scene will determine my psychological well-being for the next few months 
This Video Really Breaks My Heart Going to Miss You Legend Stan Lee   May Your Soul Rest In Peace   Hope You have done Cameos in   and   because that satisfy me a bit 
 is coming to the ⁦⁩ and ⁦⁩. Details:
Just watched the leaked #DarkPhoenix trailer and I honestly found it more exciting than Captain Marvel
Kevin Feige:  is "a different type of origin story"  
Yes, Disney may have catastrophically fucked Star Wars up to the point of destroying the franchise because Rey is a Mary Sue written and acted with the emotional range of a block of wood, but of course @MarvelStudios would never do SOMETHING THAT STUPID, right?  #CaptainMarvel
I hope a major part of the 90s-set Captain Marvel involves Nick Fury and Carol Danvers getting hooked on  The Vampire Slayer, explaining why he instinctively beeps her when the apocalypse comes in Avengers: Infinity War
Should of gone Captain Marvel on her! 
Watch out , Carol Danvers is coming for you.   
It's ironic that in this image Carol looks like Dark Phoenix while Diana looks absolutely NOTHING like Captain Marvel. 
can my board exams start during February so it can end early and I can watch captain marvel happily
2019 - The year of   MOVIE, COMIC BOOK, GAMES, ACTION FIGURES, ANIMATIONS, COLLECTIBLES AND ALL TYPES OF MERCH. YES, WE DESERVE IT !!  Monday
       Captain Marvel! 
On a scale of 1-10, how HYPE are you for ?  
2019 HIGHLIGHTS:  Toy Story 4 How To Train Your Dragon: Hidden World Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Spiderman: Far From Home Alladin Dumbo LANY Malibu Nights Tour
This is very exciting news!!      
con lo que tardé haciéndome las uñas estilo captain marvel voy a andar revoleando mis manos pARA QUE LAS VEAN PORQUE NO FUE AL DOPE 
I still don't see how Shazam/Captain Marvel is a Superman rip-off. He's nothing like Superman other than he has super strength and can fly.
This y’all Captain Marvel? 
Howdy to all of my new followers! It's great to meet Y'all & I'm glad you liked what I had to say in the trailer reactions!  Thanks to the Hyperest of Heroes, , , and  for having me guest on your  Trailer Reaction!  
Neste   THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #3  Por       e   Capa por  Capa Variante por 
who has a bigger strap: captain marvel or wonder woman. discuss
White Feminism  is getting pissy (and implying that the trailer isn't feminist/doesn't bode well for the film's feminism) because Nick Fury, a black man, has more lines in the Captain Marvel trailer than the titular character...
trabalhar pra ano que vem ir assistir avengers4, captain marvel, alladin, toy story4, dumbo, spider man far from home 
that’s exactly what all the hints have said and I’m cherishing the og avengers were going to have captain marvel for at least 6 more films or smth lay off
"Thanks for everything Stan Lee!                      vSuperman  
No offense but mary poppins could kick captain marvel’s ass
As the week closes, I raise a glass to the brilliant lives of  & . Thank you for Spiderman, Robert Redford as Butch Cassidy & Bob Woodward, X-men, the Princess Bride, Captain Marvel: for the universe as I know it.   via 
Captain Marvel Will Join The Avengers for Marvel Summer of Heroes in 2019  Download DSNY Newscast for iPhone - http://apple.co/1Kem7vc https://ift.tt/2CMPjfn
[ ]  Welcome to the Avengers.  - Real Name: Carol S Danvers - Code name: Captain Marvel - Airforce Commander & Proud Avenger. 
Captain Marvel ( Still in Production) Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 
Believe in yours DREAMS!   by Radicles on DeviantArt! 
the request to recreate the classic captain america punching hitler in the face comic cover was not well received. another captain marvel find a trump and do this for me please 
Consider me outrageously offended if you don't have me on your podcast/YouTube/blog when you talk about anything Captain Marvel related.
 Mission Day 272                          
waiting for marvel to drop any news about captain marvel or avengers 4: 
Honestly... R.I.P to an Industry Titan. Your cameos were fucking golden. Thank to the real Captain Marvel  
You can’t quit Twitter, Captain Marvel and Knives Out aren’t even out yet my dude
Cover Art Of The Week: Anddd #1   The Life Of Captain Marvel #3   
Rescue, Captain Marvel, The Wasp, Black Widow, Gamora, Scarlett Witch, Shuri, Ghost, Nebula, Mantis. ¿# Avengers 4 con paridad de género? 
Super hyped that  is writing this new  title and this  cover is the coolest! 
Almost done with new  video, should post in the next 30min! 
Starfire vs Captain Marvel (Comment who will win and why?) 
I GOT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL VANS AND THEY’RE SO CUTE I’M IN LOVE 
» New Carol Danvers — Captain Marvel. » Experienced. » Literate/Descriptive.  RT please! 
September was a slow month for Chewie...till that  trailer dropped  
How is Captain Marvel going to help in the next Avengers movie when half of the Avengers were turned into dust? Thanos still has the gauntlet with all the stones and no one knows where he went
Thought I show this before I start inking. Captain Marvel. Let's see where this goes next. .   .    … https://www.instagram.com/p/Boe3bnsngWc/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1un8wrjfgl55f …
Lets hear them I am curious and why is there no infinity war trailer we really have to wait until #CaptainMarvel
Meet CAPTAIN MARVEL character aboard Disney Cruise Line starting early 2019 
Dunno that I shared this shot outside of IG so here it is. Love the contrast. Really enjoyed this set, just something about capes      - 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/6rY4sRGCIBk?a  STOP BITCHING OVER THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER!!!
2019 is the year to be gay for captain marvel
captain marvel arriving to help the avengers: i’m carol danvers, you can just call me captain  steve: 
Captain Marvel entering Avengers 4 
The Official 'Captain Marvel' Hoodie: Higher, Further, Faster, Warmer 
What did you think of the new  trailer? I thought it looked like another solid outing for Marvel. Not blown away by the first trailer but seems like it will be decent. MCU seems to have the formula down. 
Prohibido rotundamente si alguien se atreve a criticarme el día que vea los dos Cameos de Stan Lee en  y   
Captain Marvel (cue song) Mask Off!    maybe we get to see short hair somewhere in  :D 
Watch them not even have captain marvel in the next avengers, she was wiped with the snap too
[ 616 | MCU]  "Of higher, further, faster… more. Always more (...) Over the years, I’ve come to think of these particular traits as the shared attributes of a chosen people… the Lord put us here to punch holes in the sky." - Captain marvel #1 
Cap, Cap, Cap Marvel       I'll be updating my  this weekend :) hope you guys have a good one!
When I started reading comics (age 7), the only woman headlining a book was . Now/lately: , , , , ,, , , , , probably others I've missed. Nice to have so many choices.
Check out Marvel Graphic Novel #1 Death Of Captain Marvel 2nd Print Marvel Comics F/VF  ⁦⁩
Captain Marvel : Carol Danvers by Mark Brooks       
[SPOILER] Stark y Lang se encuentran en una NY totalmente destruida. La pantalla comienza a parpadear mostrando varias escenas:  con sus puños y ojos brillando  A  y la pequeña  discutiendo  A  y  luchando JUNTOS contra los  
Clark Gregg when anyone mentions Captain Marvel: 
2019 gonna bring us Dark Phoenix, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman 1984, Charlie's Angels, and Aladdin. Am I missing any? Idk but 2019 is gonna be the year of the females and I'mma be a broke bitch. 
IM EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL 
Find you someone who looks at you like I look at the  trailer. 
The case could be made that Captain Marvel does care about her because he actually cares about Sivana, his greatest enemy, at least enough to save Thaddeus from imminent danger on occasion, so he cares for just about everyone.
[ATTENTION] hello, please help a desperate girl out pt 4732  im selling these lovely books + 2 comic books (X-MEN: Days of Future Past and CAPTAIN MARVEL). please share this to your friends who love books and comics as much as i do. DM me for the prices! :D 
everyone on the opening night of captain marvel 
Captain Marvel out for Sunday brunch I suppose 
The Year ‘Captain Marvel’ Is Set In Confirmed  
I showed him the new #captainmarvel trailer, and my dad said, “Oh, cool. It’s a girl! I thought it would be another guy.” That’s the spirit, Dad.
Guessing Black Panther 2 which is a no brainer.  They are finally going to do a Black Widow film. Guessing Thor 4. Heard nothing on a Doctor Strange 2 though.  I think the success or lack of success of Captain Marvel will determine the future direction of the MCU.
WOW!!!!  Marvel Legends is SOLD OUT at amazon! Thank God I pre ordered mine a week ago! 
I bought this before I found out my br//anch was closing lol but captain marvel jacket came in!!! It’s so nice and warm???? I’m living 
Just gonna leave this here.....    
venom captain marvel spiderman: far from home avengers 4
Yall so i was at the captain marvel premiere and i just wanted to order a subway sandwich to go along with my popcorn inside the theaters, and well ill let you watch the video ans see how this CM shill treated me 
Songbird X23 Elektra Captain Marvel Phoenix Spider Woman White Tiger 
Shazam the only Captain Marvel we acknowledge now 
Carol and Billy are fine and all, but this is still my favorite Captain Marvel. 
me: uuuggghhhh i don’t wanna grocery shop spending like $70 a week on food is so expensive   also me: should i buy this $250 captain marvel costume
i found a pair of 28 x 30 jeans from american eagle. i want to paint them with the captain marvel logo on the back. would anyone be interested in them if i did it?
 concept art 
If the Captain Marvel series don’t end up with Rogue taking her powers and having her own movie or an MCU x-men then imma pass
movies i'm excited for -shazam -joker -ww84 -aquaman -avengers 4 -spider-man far from home -bumblebee -into the spider-verse -the lego movie 2: the second part -captain marvel -toy story 4 -star wars episode ix
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/jv8ryEtRcCo?a  Captain Marvel Prelude 2018 Full Breakdown
 may not have approved this message.   
My 13 year old son says that "Im obsessed" with Captain Marvel... I am PROUD of it!   !!!!
Captain Marvel just got a new origin story ahead of her MCU debut  
And Captain Marvel
‌ Shazam! interviews: the star and director talk DC's newest superhero via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2QpmfOI
Captain Marvel takes England into finals with this goal: Nations League Football England v Croatia Nov 18th gallery  
can the mental illness hair cut stop, captain marvel joins the mental illness hair cut club. a sigh of Don't read me. 
ENVY ADAMS IS CAPTAIN MARVEL 
a concept: loki and captain marvel going up against each other first, but then teaming up when they realise they have a common enemy 
Fanart   
Hope she plays Captain Marvel as good as she plays victim. 
Captain Marvel, with the hammer of Thor.  Thor's screwed now. 
they did this with wonder woman tho and the same with captain marvel and they're still saying the same about batgirl solo. i don't wanna say the misogyny jumped out but...the misogyny jumped out 
New Captain Marvel Comic Fixes a Huge 'Avengers: Infinity War' Plothole  
No solo team-up where it's just those two as far as I'm aware, but they've have teamed up before, such as in Justice League of America #137.  In fact, we learn in that one, that Johnny Thunder has the ability to transform Billy Batson into Captain Marvel.
Shazam... or Captain Marvel if you prefer... fun to draw by any name: 
Speaking of , you’re all hyped for  from Studios right? Well how about  first appearance as ?! (Probably end up selling this closer to the movie)
As someone who knows absolutely nothing about Captain Marvel, the trailer for the movie seemed as “generic super hero” as possible
hot take: kate mckinnon as helen cobb for a captain marvel mini-series that goes through all of kelly sue’s vol.1 
Working on new  and new  videos this morning. Posting in a little while! 
New Character Found: CAPTAIN MARVEL http://smarturl.it/gzcav2
Next year is going to bring us Captain Marvel, the sequel to infinity war, Star Wars episode 9, and this. I cannot contain my excitement 
thanos is the kid and captain marvel is the cat 
@TBonvillain you have quite the list of projects. You be be very good. I follow Captain Marvel. Love Carol. Loved Mar-Vell (all-time favorite) he battled bigotry and racism way back. They were stupid to kill him.
109 days until Captain Marvel  165 days until Avengers 4  228 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, Are You Ready? 
,  and  star in the upcoming  movie .  
Right now on . DAMN!     
I hear Venom is gonna be awful, I can’t envision Aquaman being 1/10th as good as Venom. Captain Marvel please save us.
valkyrie and captain marvel should be a thing in/after a4 
HIGHER  FURTHER  FASTER    by 
Explaining the truth about the Captain Marvel name (how DC never owned it, and sued Fawcett Comics because they said he was a Superman rip off) is NOT being negative about DC.  Explaining facts and reality to people is not being negative even when you don’t like what reality is. 
Captain Marvel and The Electron Thief! via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2FpUPaq
Yay! It's Monday! Let's celebrate by enjoying this lovely tweet from the upcoming  superstar! We love  and we're so incredibly happy that she enjoyed our game!
My heart is in pieces. Marvel movies will never be the same. Comics will never be the same. Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 got to include the most emotional tribute to Stan Lee.
The Star has been added! Captain Marvel is official now. Haha. The belt is done too! Just gotta add a hem and collar then the top is finished!  ____   cosplay  @thewomenofmarvel  …  
My 7 year old: I bet when #CaptainMarvel fights #Thanos, she's gonna kick his butt. Me too son. Me too
Disney should debut the first ‘Avengers 4’ trailer after ‘Captain Marvel’ 
i know im late but happy birthday to this lil ball of sunshine. i hope you’ve had an amazing birthday. i love u, and i can’t wait for captain marvel  
Captain Marvel doesn't need to smile for her character to work. You know who does though? Superman. Never hearing anyone talk why he didn't smile in Man of Steel though.
What are Captain Marvel's powers?  
I got to watch the captain marvel trailer in imax and I’m still thinking about watching HER transition into A HERO 
There will be Stan Lee cameo in Spiderman Into The Spiderverse, Wreck It Ralph 2, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Spiderman Far from Home.
Someone on the Reddit Marvel Studios Discord just pointed out how we know more about Far From Home right now than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.  It’s true.
NEW CHARACTER ALERT   CAPTAIN MARVEL to make her debut at  on March 23, 2019 as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Walt Disney Studios Park 
Do you know what I'm doing right now? I watch Tor's battle with Captain Marvel. 
Cocreater of     infinitywar           .Rip(1922-2018).may your soul rest in peace.
captain marvel by artgerm 
Thank you, , for destroying the legacy of Mar-Vell, the original . "Activated them," my ass. Normal pure blood Kree don't even have powers for Hala's sake, and we're talking about a half-Kree here! 
Happy birthday to our Life of  writer and fellow Carol Corps member !!!!! May you have the best day among great people, Margieeee! 
1. Superman 2. Martian Manhunter 3. Wonder Woman 4. Green Lantern (John Stewart) 5. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 6. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 7. Batman 8. Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 9. The Flash (Barry Allen) 10. Cyborg
105 days till captain marvel 
Here's a tough one! If you could be ANY ONE of these two legendary characters, who would you be? AND WHY?  
1-Are we ever gonna get an extended cut for infinity war or any mcu movie?  2-After avengers 4 introduces time travel via the quantum realm. Are we gonna see more of it later on? 3-Is captain marvel gonna be similar in tone with winter solider?
Preciate you brother but there’s other problems at hand as well:   1. Do we have Thanos under control?  2. Is Winter Solider good?  3. Can we get Ant Man out of that Quantum Realm?  4. Is Captain Marvel that crazy?  5. Can we situate this Thanos problem? 
Thanos better watch his back — #CaptainMarvel is here! (via @toofab)http://tmz.me/JWo9XFk
What if  one of the post credit scenes in Captain Marvel is Carol watching Tony bring the Nuke to the alien ships and she trys to save him as he falling back.  And then in Avengers 4 when she see him she goes "it was you, against the Chirtui. You're a hero"  You can't sleep now.
President of  studios Kevin Feige promises a "very different origin story" for  
captain marvel otw to earth afrer she received fury's alert 
me trying to find someone to take me to see captain marvel 
I prefer the  and  trailer over the  trailer anyday. Also I wasn't a big fan of the  trailer either. 
WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL MARCH 3, 2019
I loved everything about this issue of #CaptainMarvel. Some may freak out because a big red button was hit on her past, but I found it so thrilling, heartbreaking, and creative. There was nothing unbelievable about it.
I can’t wait to see captain marvel like god I’m so !!
What do you guys think about this? Credit: Derrick Keeton   studios    
So cool!   
The Captain Marvel one is amazing.
2019’da vizyona girecek filmler:  Star Wars: Episode IX Jumanji 2 Terminator James Bond 25 Wonder Woman 1984 Joker Zombieland 2 Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Hobbs And Shaw Charlie’s Angels John Wick 3 Detective Pikachu Captain Marvel X-Men: Dark Phoenix Glass Hellboy
>Infinity war 2 >Everyone comes back after Captain Marvel unsnaps everyone back into existance >Stan Lee in a crowd of people in downtown cental New York looking up silently smiling as the shot pans wide with people cheering. >End of movie "in loving memory of Stan Lee" It hurts. 
Captain Marvel Trailer Reaction: http://youtu.be/ieKTNUwt3pk?a  via @YouTube
okay so rt to be in a captain marvel gc!   -mbf / have dms open - not really selective  - no thorkis or starkers  - be hyped for captain marvel  - discuss theories  - love phil coulson - don’t be ia but if you are a little that’s okay   if this flop it wasn’t me   making @ 10 rts
Nah, that would be Captain Marvel. He’s gonna be very important, you are right about that, but the superstar of the show is going to most likely be Captain Marvel.
Had a huge project last month that was super fun, thankfully with it done I can get back to doing more arts. I give you Rogue!              
My current ranking of Phase 3 of the MCU. Can't wait for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 to complete the strongest phase of MCU films (in my opinion). 
Raise your hand if you're more excited for The Incredibles 2 than Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel Prelude #1 Reveals What Nick Fury and Maria Hill Were Up To Before Avengers: Infinity War    
If Captain Marvel does the box office everyone is expecting it to, I would not be surprised to see this exact thing suddenly green lit. 
It has been confirmed that he has cameos for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.
winter solder was brainwashed and in pain. really confused about everything. didn't smile: no one bats an eye  captain marvel. brainwashed as well. self-discovering herself. no clue about her past: why does she only have one expression why doesn't she smile more????????
Finally officially caught up on the MCU  I’m the king of avoiding spoilers idk how i didn’t get anything ruined for me but i am NOT gonna be later ever again  who wants to go to the midnight release of captain marvel with me
'Shazam!' Director Recreates Meme With Batman & Superman via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2CPApES
I’ve really want a Captain Marvel/Wonder Woman crossover so I decided to do something a little different & make my own plus add a Wayhaught twist (because I can!)    FanArt    Do NOT repost or steal.
AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #16   VARIANT COVER BY 
I have a thing for captains ig :) -    
Those Captain Marvel nails
Look at me... LOOK. AT. ME...   
Captain Marvel Prelude #1 preview. Nick Fury and Maria Hill set off on life-or-death missions that lead directly to the appearance of Captain Marvel!   
Can't see it. I did want to see him as Captain Marvel(Shazam) tho. 
Well the world has lost a star today stan Lee's creations have influenced so many people and I would go as far as to say the majority of the people on the planet know of at least 1 of his characters. Banner, stark, Rogers, murdoc,the list is endless. RIP STAN (CAPTAIN MARVEL) LEE 
Just finished my first draft of my proposal for my dissertation. Main focuses are the Marvel Cinematic Universe and how they write female characters from 2008-present, Captain Marvel and her place within Marvel and lastly how fans receive her character! Super excited!
THE KORVAC SAGA (1977-1978) The  face  in this polarising classic. Why do people love the Korvac Saga? MORE:       
Scarlet Witch and Captain Marvel by  
every time I see wonder woman merch I think it’s captain marvel smh
Get Skrull        
For the first time ever, guests will encounter Captain Marvel as part of an action-packed, day-long celebration aboard select Disney Magic sailings with  Line!  
Did anyone else see young nick fury in the captain marvel trailer and think "wait how.."
Mary Elizabeth Winstead will be in Birds of Prey, meaning Scott Pilgrim has now smooched Huntress & Captain Marvel and beat up Superman, The Atom, Cap. America, The Human Torch, and The DUFF.
A new  comic series is launching next year! Kelly Thompson () writes, with Carmen Carnero () illustrating.  will debut its first issue, with a cover by Amanda Conner, on January 2, 2019. 
Stan Lee, who has died aged 95, created icons like Spider-Man, Captain Marvel and Iron Man. You may not be a fan of these characters but we should all take note of what he wrote 50 years ago.  Has nothing changed for us or our children? 
Dear Crush,  His Good Looks Will Fade Away With Time. But My Humour Will Always Be There For You In Your Sad Times.  Your's Underrated Lover,  ~ Captain Marvel
hi, i'm looking for mutuals :) rt/like this tweet if you stan:  - mcu - tony stark - peter parker - thor - doctor strange - captain marvel - steve rogers - harry potter - anime and manga  please follow back
All 3 of these Marvel 2019 movies could surpass $1 billion at the box-office.   Captain Marvel is the 1st female lead MCU movie. Avengers 4 is the follow-up to Infinity War. Spider-Man: Far From Home includes the title character, who's very popular.   Marvel just does not stop. 
So the cameo in Captain Marvel will it be the last?
⇢carol danvers/captain marvel 
omg were really getting captain marvel, guardians of the galaxy, and black widow #1 in January 2019 is for the GAYS
Quick, Simple, and Dress Code Approved   Costume!
Colors for Carol are done! Feels nice to be able to paint traditionally once again! Long overdue piece for a good friend. ︽✵︽  
Looks like IT’s coming Black Friday.   It’d better have a new date (April 26) and  in the trailer. If  &  r confident  can breakout & gross inbetween  & , they must put her in d trailer
Scene: A dark, dank room buried underneath the glistening Team Disney Burbank. BOB IGER glowers over a trembling herd of lawyers, huddled together for warmth.  IGER: Get me Captain Marvel in Spaceship Earth or I'll turn the lot of you into TURKEY LEGS!!!
hahaha i actually know this dude's deal and it's like "what if we took captain marvel's shazam-to-adult thing but made it so it was instead the grossest metaphor for puberty possible with a whole lotta green goo"
Stan Lee Has Already Filmed His Cameos for 'Avengers 4' &  
Always be Captain Marvel peppers to me. 
#BattlePoll #SHPOLL18 #Marvel   FIGHT   #CaptainMarvel (C.D.) Vs #RonantheAccuser   Who will win?
Stan Lee's Marvel movie cameos! Can't wait to see him again in Captain Marvel and Infinity War Part 2 (and possibly Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, too)... 
Back again this time we discuss stepparents and captain marvel check it out here or on stitcher or google play music   https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/bedroom-confessions/id1352232193?mt=2&i=1000420348661 …
What exactly are 's superpowers?  
You know and love Captain America's bitch. Now get ready for Captain Marvel's bitch -   
TSR #197: O Captain! My Captain (Marvel)! http://toschestation.net/tsr-197-o-captain-my-captain-marvel/ …
So like I’m debating.. should I get the Captain Marvel set or just get the wallet or get a completely different wallet!?! I NEED HELP 
#MCU Schedule as of 11-13-2018  Captain Marvel: 114 days * Avengers 4: 170 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 233 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Thanos Came Home (With A Vengeance).
Big players step up at big times & that's what Captain marvel  did here!   A true leader on pitch & an absolute diamond off it!   Well deserved, finish your senior year in style Hol! 
 Socks! 
 is looking hot af here 
 Rest In Peace The Real Captain Marvel .. 
MY MOM IS GETTING ME CAPTAIN MARVEL VANS FOR CHRISTMAS, JINGLE BELLE IS THRIVING
“Comics were marketed toward young white boys at one point, therefore young white boys are the REAL fans and their opinions on Captain Marvel’s tits are of the utmost importance” 
#MCU Schedule as of 11-17-2018  Captain Marvel: 110 days * Avengers 4: 166 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 229 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Detective Iron Man.
